2003
December


Monday 30
Worked on UberMq, got the JUnit test cases up and running. Cleaned the house, swept up the floors. Did some laundry, and plunged the bathtub by sticking a black plastic bag in the whole that I un-screwed. Thought about going to Italy with Michele, but USAir doesn't have any available seats in March or April.
Tuesday 31
Opened some holiday cards, looks like Rob Currie is back from his multi-year jaunts around the world. Sent an email off to a new friend of mine Marty Philip Kantrowitz, meg and I met him the other night at Stephen Landau's going away party at Bob Levin's. Also, sent off an email to Nina and David wishing them a healthy happy New Year. Mellow New Year's Eve at Meg's with Trout cooking an awesome Thai dish. Trout moved in on this day.
January
Wednesday 01
Worked during day, late afternoon walk. Watched Lord of the Rings in the evening.
Thursday 02
Gorgeous day. Talked to Trout after breakfast till noon. Tune up Michele's computer by installing Internet Explorer 6, along with patches for Windows 98. Review Source code for UberMq and also begin to look at Jxta docs. Walk at 4pm with dogs including Orbit. Mellow evening.
Friday 03
First time to Sunflower market at 8:30am. Fruit Basket then talk to Maria for about 2 hours. Cook some chicken soup. Walk with Michele in the "ghetto" north of Montano on the ditch. Chicken soup and chicken for dinner.
Saturday 04
Lord of the Rings, Part II. The two towers w/ Rand. The movie was way too violent for my taste. I liked the first movie much better, none the less I would really like to read the books. Learned that T.D. Waterhouse was withdrawing money from my account with quarterly fees without me knowing about it, that is a big bummer. Work in morning, run after movie, meg gets new running shoes. Mellow evening in front of the fire. Really warm unseasonably mild temperatures.
Sunday 05
Meeting in morning at JCC. Hang in afternoon at Meg's, James fixes drains in sink. Nice late evening walk, plus dogs bummed out about worms.
Monday 06
Work all day on test cases for UberMq. Deal with T.D. Waterhouse fiasco and transfer. Spoke to Nick Secor, he thanked me for helping him out with getting his school license. Disaster meeting with Ralph Sims on a GATED community across from John Brooks. Infill development and politics in general is NOT pretty.
Tuesday 07
Good day all in all. Got my oil changed early, after an online messaging session to tmartin. Also, worked outside, beautiful day, after finding a big tumbleweed which was the basis for filling in the hole which used to be my old fountain. More UberMq and spoke to Mom and Dad who are hanging out in Palm Springs, Ca. Daddy updated me on his messed up going out of business sale, bummer. Bad news about Vitr, lots more people let go, on the order of possibly 100, according to the Yahoo message boards. Also, jmc steps down as President, but retains the CEO title. This continues to be a BIG roller coaster.
Wednesday 08
Long talk w/ Mike Giles, I am finally realizing how long I have been fooling myself for on Vitr. Oh well, live and learn. Meg and I went for a run, another beautiful winter day in Abq. More work on nio package as related to UberMq. Nice talk w/ Scott, they got back from their trip to Michigan. I think one of my resolutions for this year, is to take ONE year off from the stock market, spend that time and energy on something else which has NOT yet been determined. First goal, is not to follow Vitr any longer, just write that whole thing off as a big lesson I needed to learn, which is in line w/ Michele's thinking on life.
Thursday 09
Got stuff done today on UberMq. James gave me RW in SourceForge. This is my first RW for a sf.net project. Played pool with Rand while Sima was at Karate. Hood Board meeting w/ Joan et al.
Friday 10
Run with Meg in afternoon, breakfast with Nick in the morning at Flying Star.
Saturday 11
Long walk up Placitas Ski basin road, home late, chilly and cold. Work during day on UberMq. Trout arrives.
Sunday 12
Early morning walk w/ dogs. Made awesome bread, trick was a bit of cumin and cinnamon combined. Carrot, banana, Quinoa toasted seeds, brown sugar, teaspoon of baking powder, 3 cups of water, 1/2 package of yeast, poppy seeds. James over for dinner, really nice weekend.
Monday 13
Book trip to Italy, leave May 13, return May 27. Spoke to Pedro, cleaned housed, did laundry, and began the Jms Web page, along with sending out 6 resumes. Worked some on UberMq.
Tuesday 14
Got three things done today. UberMq datagrams much better understood, sent out my daily 10 resumes (minimum). Begin converting arcadian group web pages to forrest. This eliminates the need to have to know that much about cocoon, and focus more on the tool that uses cocoon. Plus, I can have detailed instructions of how to integrate in the xml content with the forrest infrastructure. Goal is to drive towards having a new web page infrastructure for the UberMq documentation.
Wednesday 15
Meg for dinner, meeting w/ North Valley Coalition. Main point of discussion was the homeless shelter.
Thursday 16
Men's group meeting with Hershel at his shop.
Friday 17
Head out to Meg's in afternoon. Hang w/ Nick Secor in the morning at Flying Star. Run in early afternoon.
Saturday 18
Mellow day at Meg's followed by an evening in town. Had dinner at the little taco stand near UNM called Perico's. Then saw Amy Goodman at Pope Joy hall. Home at midnight. Worked during day on Forrest.
Sunday 19
Worked during day on Forrest. Jason came out with Gabriel and we chatted for awhile. Then we went on a hike, and Trout was there when we got home. Real nice discussion w/ Trout on life.
Monday 20
Cleaned up front yard in afternoon. Worked on Cocoon and Forrest combination.
Tuesday 21
Walk with Trout in early afternoon around the North Valley. Dinner here with Meg and Trout, then swimming.
Wednesday 22
Talk w/ Jeff Mankoff about business.
Thursday 23
Up and running with Jeff, walk w/ Rand in the afternoon. Hood meeting in the evening at library. Guy from Sr. Services spoke about the way the city helps people in the city. Listened to Siebel earnings call.
Friday 24
Compact not to view stock market on daily basis. Pt29 created, please review and update this document periodically. Spoke to Rick Miera's wife about Jose Barrera, who owns the Arris Laundromat. Work with local library to get bmtfoundation application up and running. Walk in afternoon with Meg along ditch north of Montano. Cruise Italy sites in evening. Disaster cooking cranberry bread, do NOT ever use the juice from the cranberries as a water substitute in bread. Don't put grapes in bread, use the hard cranberries.
Saturday 25
Breakfast at Barrelas Coffee house, Exit 169 hike after breakfast, its about 45 minutes down north of Socorro. Walked down arroyo, then crossed small stream adjacent to Rio and south for awhile along the banks of river. Cloudy, slightly ominous day, the energy was weird. Stopped at Jerry's market for Carne Adovada. Drive back here, then out to Placitas.
Sunday 26
Fixed Meg's road in morning, after reading piece in New Yorker on Free Speech at Harvard. Hike near town, up to top of hill, then back down. Run in with woman who owns land, about climbing hill.
Monday 27
Liz Duffy gets Headmistress job at Lville. Clean house, start reading Ed Roman's book on Ejb's. Bank in morning to organize the drawer, and start thinking about doing taxes. Spoke to Colorado about how to file, minus refund. See line 19, of 1040 is the answer.
Tuesday 28
Swimming at pool.
Wednesday 29
Meg and I go to Denise's for a party for Marcy, and Denise is leaving Sandia Healthcare in a couple of weeks. Meg drank too much marg, and was feeling a tad bit drunk. Abqjug meeting on JUnit by Dwayne Coles.
Thursday 30
Go for a run in afternoon. Men's group meeting at my house, w/ Bob, Hershel, Leo and Bert. Lots of progress on understanding EJB's by reading the Sun tutorial, which is top notch. Vitr earning's call. Spoke to Scott Friedman, he started a company with Hans Moravec called http://www.seegrid.com and also moved into a new home, and sold his old company called CareFlow.
Friday 31
Begin taxes on line. Enter and verify W2 info. Understand Transactions in Ejb Spec based on Chap 17 and Sun tutorial. Trout hike w/ meg. Dinner here, egg plant baked with yams. Hillel service at temple Albert, Jason was supposed to come w/ us but only his ghost was there.
February
Saturday 01
Spoke to Steff and Nava about Bisbee. Saw (2) movies, Kissinger, and Frieda, both excellent movies. Walk in afternoon from new parking lot on rio grande just south of paseo.
Sunday 02
breakfast at Garcia's on Central, then Bound to Be Read bookstore to read about Italy. Back to Placitas, mellow evening.
Monday 03
Call w/ YClip folks in Austin.
Tuesday 04
Swimming.
Wednesday 05
Thursday 06
Friday 07
Saturday 08
Santa Fe visited John Miller, then Scott Williams
Sunday 09
Worked on Meg's taxes. Hike in afternoon.
Monday 10
Work all day.
Tuesday 11
Swimming till 8pm. Conf call w/ Esc Loyalty
Wednesday 12
Conf call w/ Security guy. Meeting w/ Marit
Thursday 13
Drive out Hwy 550 to Farmington, awesome lunch in Cuba sitting next to the fireplace. Arrived in Farmington, and went for a nice walk along the San Juan River.
Friday 14
Drove to Cortez, met Tom at the Visitor's center who pointed us towards Delores. Hung out in Delores at Lar's place, called the Delores Mtn Lodge. Walk in afternoon, hung at local book store, then excellent Valentine's dinner at the German restaurant across the street, had a fish fry and a really good meatball soup.
Saturday 15
Drove home, back to Placitas, after a nice breakfast in Delores w/ really big pancakes. Drove South towards Farmington, then cut over to Aztec. Nice walk when we got home.
Sunday 16
Hang at Michele's, work on UberMq. Walk in afternoon.
Monday 17
Continue working on JBoss matching engine. Last week was basically wasted on exploring Axis Web Service, which I couldn't really figure out how to work in JBoss, might want to do a standalone version. Jog in afternoon, spoke to M&D in the evening.
Tuesday 18
Studying Ejb Cmp 2.0, swimming in evening, long talk w/ Susie Sigman
Wednesday 19
Paid bills early in morning, use Forrest to write up Vme Technical Spec, got Crime example from paid jboss docs working "out of the box". Peace Now dinner at David Broudy's w/ David Pine as the guest speaker. Walk earlier around UNM Golf course w/ Meg.
Thursday 20
Worked all day on EJB Query Langauge -- Chapter 11 from the spec, this is kind of a bear, but I learned a lot along the way, plus I figured out how to assign static primary keys to different rows, so then later I can go back and get them. Also, went for a short walk and saw Joey who is installing electrical stuff to get the score board up and running on the baseball diamonds at the church. Michele's son Jason got married yesterday to his girlfriend Rochelle. Also spoke to Jane Underwood at Vitria, she said everything is on hold with the reverse split until April 21 which is 90 days from Jan 21, which was the last dead line. Also, spoke to Lionel who I hadn't spoken to for months, he called me.
Friday 21
Mellow day, went for a jog in afternoon. Meg and I went to the macaroni grill for Jason's wedding party and met Rose, the grandmother, Theresa the Mom, and Richard the boyfriend. It was a nice evening and then we went to Denise's going away party. I spoke to Johnny the whole time.
Saturday 22
Andy arrives early in the morning. Went on a hike with him and found the new connection on the north side mesa. Home and had Diana and Glen for dinner. Really nice day.
Sunday 23
Got into plumbing in the morning, and learned how to use a snake to clean out meg's sink drain, we un-clogged, Andy and I. Went for a hike in the afternoon at Diamond Tail, mellow evening.
Monday 24
Sun Microsystem's analyst day with Scott McNealy. Figured out to use Oro for Matching Engine, and to look at multiple credit card numbers in the same document. Snowy, rainy day. Cleaned house. Spoke to M&D too.
Tuesday 25
Nice talk with Mark Lawler, he is a good guy and is my contact for Stone, which is a cool chinese computer company. Pool w/ Rand and Simma Karate. Worked on vmematch.jar, got it to a Phase I state.
Wednesday 26
Michele and I go for a long walk down to Matthew, then double back to Montano along the ditch. Beautiful rainy, snowy, winter day with a rainbow in the sky for kicks. Worked hard all day on driving to completion of Version Zero of the VME Matching Engine.
Thursday 27
Worked w/ Bert and Carlos to dismantle the playground at a demolished McDonald's on the Southwest corner of Lomas and San Pedro across from the beginning corner of the fairgrounds. Loaded up equipment into truck and then over to Nahalat Shalom to unpack Bert's truck. Worked very hard all day, including till midnight to finish the first cut of the VME Matching Engine. Spoke to Dad at work.
Friday 28
Mellow day, work on taxes. Meg picks me up and we head out to her house.
March
Saturday 01
Hike with Andy on trail at end of road heading up into Sandias.
Sunday 02
Hike behind Diamond Tail to ridge top overlooking yesterday's trail. Met Jeff Hunter who is spraying trees for Skip Good who owns land all the way to Hwy 14.
Monday 03
Work on taxes all day, and file electronically late at night.
Tuesday 04
Pool w/ Rand, won all 3 games, went to bank to drop off tax forms. Lunch with Joe Lindsay here at my house. Swimming in evening.
Wednesday 05
Work on Web Service all day. Walk w/ Meg late in day, pork sirloin for dinner.
Thursday 06
Men's group at Bob's house. Went out for awhile. Worked all afternoon, and late into the evening on getting JBoss to talk across the network from client to server. See interest example to get it working.
Friday 07
mellow day, no work, torah study, lynn tells us she is taking a full 9 month sabattical after high holy days. walk around block in evening
Saturday 08
walk with Andy on BLM land
Sunday 09
leave for Tucson, drive to Globe, dinner at old funky mexican restaurant in town, 2 sides of lettuce, drive thru Salt River Canyon between Sho Lo and Globe. Springerville is the only town west of Socorro on Hwy 60.
Monday 10
Hwy 77 South to Tucson, lunch at Thai restaurant, discover Westward Look Resort, 245 East Ina Road, 85704. Nathan Leonard check in. Pool in afternoon, dinner at Thunder Creek brewery. Hike around resort after dinner.
Tuesday 11
breakfast, eggs benedict at resort. Gas, Trader Joe's, drive straight to OPCNM. Cook dinner, then tent set up. Evening show on critters of desert. Moon lit hike to discover what the heck an Organ Pipe is.
Wednesday 12
breakfast, sausage and eggs, open meg presents, drive to Ajo Mtn 21 mile loop road, hike to over hanging shade spot, lunch w/ photo guy from San Diego, Visitor center for 15 minute slide show, dinner w/ burgers, talk on Natl Parks and short walk to bottom of hill.
Thursday 13
lunch in Tombstone, drive to Bisbee, walk down town (hill) to dinner at Bisbee Grille.
Friday 14
drive home, Douglas, Animas, Hatchita, Deming (lunch), Hillsboro, T or C, rest stop just north of Socorro. Leave at 10:30, arrive at 8pm. Total mileage = 1450. Abq to Tucson = 500, Tucson to OPCNM = 150.
Saturday 15
mellow day, hike w/ Andy in Canyon north of Meg's
Sunday 16
Rainy day, made bread and beans. Sent out OPCNM email. Walk w/ Andy late in day thru village of Placitas.
Monday 17
Clean house. Post office, bank, acclimate back from week long vacation in southern Arizona.
Tuesday 18
Swimming. Begin work on Web Service infrastructure.
Wednesday 19
North Valley Coalition, Transportion review to 2025. Very rainy week, shopping at John Brook's for pork ribs.
Thursday 20
First homeless meeting w/ Meg. Night at Meg's.
Friday 21
Got JBoss <-> Jetty/Axis <-> Client working at Sfi on (3) different machines. This is good news. Run in afternoon, dinner at Diana's w/ meg. Great food, got to know Diana better, really nice.
Saturday 22
This was Gabriel's day, he arrived here at 7:30am, we hung here in the morning and headed back to Placitas in the afternoon. Went for a nice walk and studied some Italian with Andy.
Sunday 23
Long talk with Trout. Lunch, then drive to Arcadian, walk. Dinner at Rand's for Academy Awards.
Monday 24
Work all day on VouponEnroll and VouponActivate, driving towards first real live WebService test. Walk in the evening.
Tuesday 25
swimming
Wednesday 26
meg here, short walk
Thursday 27
Joan's meeting
Friday 28
Santa Fe with Scott, install engine, meet Scott's friend Michael. Head back to Placitas late in day, walk with Alex, absolutely freezing day. Bot coffee at Sage, and saw Melissa.
Saturday 29
Dinner at PfChang's with Cass and Mania. Walk in afternoon up back arroyo.
Sunday 30
Cut down trees, Luke for dinner
Monday 31
Sick all day, Clean in morning, meeting with Reagan to discuss Alpha test.
April
Tuesday 1
work, sick.
Wednesday 2
work
Thursday 3
Men's group here, fire in the evening.
Friday 4
dinner here at the house w/ Andy and Diana.
Saturday 5
Jason's birthday. Mellow day, dinner at May Cafe, Vietnamese, then drove around and checked out Meg's old places she lived.
Sunday 6
Breakfast at Garcia's, then out to Placitas, nap, walk w/ Andy, mellow evening.
Monday 7
laundry, started working in the afternoon.
Tuesday 8
work, meeting with Mayor Marty Chavez on Science Charter School.
Wednesday 9
Lots of work on alpha testing. Dinner, walk w/ meg.
Thursday 10
Michele's LAST DAY OF WORK, after 26 years at the same gig, plus Helen forgot to tell her about the going away party with cake. My last day of work before going to Dallas. Alpha testing is done, and we cut our release candidates. Post Office, then my favorite grocery John Brooks, steak for dinner with Michele. Walked over to Homeless meeting, met Phil on return at the pool, that is the first time Michele met Phil.
Friday 11
Lunch at El Norteno on Zuni, then REI. Meg bot some nice green and gray shorts, Weeding in evening.
Saturday 12
Therese Howard died at 5pm. May she rest in peace. First day of pulling water off the ditch. Food security in morning with Rio Grande Community Farms. Walk in evening.
Sunday 13
Therese Howard in morning along with Sun Flower Market.
Monday 14
Flew to Dallas, Derek picked me up and we had lunch with Chris Meredith. Dinner at David Kleiman's house, with David's mom. Went out for Humus.
Tuesday 15
Dinner with Berk, David, Dana Zale, and Jeff at Italian restaurant on MockingBird. Lunch of pizza at the office.
Wednesday 16
Seder at Jeff's parents house. Lunch at Sushi on McKinney with Jeff and Derek.
Thursday 17
Baseball game, Dallas beat the World Series Anaheim champions, gorgeous day. Flew home next to Tim Wilcox from Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Friday 18
Meg had Friday off, and we finished washing the windows, and cleaned up. Not feeling very good, went to Thai, Siam Cafe, for lunch; got bread at Wild Oats, walk in evening.
Saturday 19
Went home in morning, and went to Home Depot, and Sunflower. Trout left in the afternoon, and we watched Walking Dead, which set a somber tone for the rest of the evening.
Sunday 20
Mania's house for Easter, services at church in Placitas.
Monday 21
Meg's first day of work at Pres, fix all of the bugs from Alpha test.
Tuesday 22
Pick up Peter at airport at 4:30, pizza for dinner.
Wednesday 23
Took Peter to get hand controls, he forgot his wallet so we had to drive all the way back home. Asian market, Thai food with Meg, short walk.
Thursday 24
Drove Peter to Santa Fe at 6:30am to meet with Mitch for pump testing. Worked all day on multiple DB. Break through on single set of session beans.
Friday 25
Finally, finished the multiple database problem, it is working. Drove out to Placitas.
Saturday 26
Party at Pam's with Peter Day, Meg and I had fun partying.
Sunday 27
Moved rocks from the new driveway to around the garden, little walk up the arroyo. Into town, Wal Mart to buy pots for plants, mellow evening.
Monday 28
Web service working for Multiple Database problem. Hang with Rand and Sima.
Tuesday 29
work
Wednesday 30
Sent Jeff a bill early in the morning for April. This was a big issue for me, but I am dealing with it.
May
Thursday 1
Homeless meeting w/ meg, went well.
Friday 2
Drove to Santa Fe after dinner, watched Joe Day's video on the Rio Grande was very interesting.
Saturday 3
Mesa all day with Peter, dinner at Harry's Road house, then stopped by the old house, they are paving the road.
Sunday 4
Cold, windy day in Santa Fe. Watched the heroin video by Joe Day, drive home around lunch time. Walk in Placitas late in the day.
Monday 5
Major work day..
Tuesday 6
Revamped VME, now talking directly to the database.
Wednesday 7
Tidying up VME, last day of work, cut final version before Italy.
Thursday 8
Crazy day, had to re-arrange airline reservation due to US-Air schedule change. Also, researched Rome and made a reservation for the first 2 nights. Spoke to Rand also for awhile.
Friday 9
Had my first baby at Meg's in the evening, quite a rough time in my life, to say the least.
Saturday 10
Sunday 11
In Italy thru end of May.
June
Sunday 1
Hang out here with Meg.
Monday 2
Jeff informs me I am no longer needed.
Tuesday 3
Start SVG work.
Wednesday 4
99 Market for shrimp, walk in evening. Spoke to Derek.
Thursday 5
Spoke to Rand and Peter Day, nailing down fractal transformations in SVG, this is very cool stuff. Talk with Jeff in evening.
Friday 6
Jeff agrees to break up payments into 3 terms.
Saturday 7
Dinner at Marcy Zaffron's and Anne Byrom's house. They have a lovely home and we had a great time. She made chicken cordon bleu. Also, told us about her brother who lives in the Northwest territory.
Sunday 8
Planted Meg's garden with tomatoes and some herbs.
Monday 9
More SVG work, getting colored squares to work. Got Jeff's first check and cashed it immediately.
Tuesday 10
Bot some new running shoes at Big 5, and went for a run after I got home from there in the evening. Completed SVG work part one by finalizing the colored squares.
Wednesday 11
Went to OfficeMax and bought a 50 pack of CD's and a 50 pack of Jewell boxes so that I could burn some CD's for Linux. Bought all of them free with a rebate. Worked late into the evening installing RedHat on my old computer from the Silicon Valley days. Downloaded the iso images and burned them on to the CD's.
Thursday 12
Lunch with Jim Scarantino, Exec Director of the N.M. Wilderness Alliance at a Thai restaurant downton. Interesting homeless meeting in the evening, and got the "true" story from someone about the real homeless problem. Also, got RedHat Linux rpm tool figured out, and installed over the net the libgtk package. This is the only package besides Mozilla that is needed to get up and running on the RedHat install.
Friday 13
Broke down and bought a Dell computer for about $820 after the mail in rebate. Got a monitor too for this price. In the afternoon, I got turned on to PHP, which is a really cool simple scripting language. Cruised out to Meg's for dinner, and a short walk.
Saturday 14
Interesting Las Huertas Creek informational meeting on a school bus. Started out at the Merc, and cruised up to the mtn's. Then down to a woman's home on the creek, then had lunch at the Community Center. Invited Peter to the party and met MaryAnne McGraw who works for the state of N.M. in the Environmental dept. She used to work for the Highway Dept. Her husband is a world famous astronomer who teaches at U.N.M. and his name is Jim McGraw. They used to live in Tucson, and he got his PhD. at U.T. Austin Mellow afternoon, and nice walk in evening around the block. Made some great thai food. Found out more info about the Open Space in Placitas, and it looks secure again according to Lolly.
Sunday 15
Really nice hike in early afternoon on the north hill of the Open Space. Had Stephen and Denise over for dinner, we had barbecued chicken, and Meg's kick ass potato salad, all in all, a very nice day and weekend. Serious talk late at night about life and going home.
Monday 16
Worked all day trying to figure out how to larm, Lucence Retrieval Machine to get my data stock data. In the end, thanks to Mike Giles, I simply used the httpclient at jakarta/commons and did the whole thing in less than 30 lines of code. This was a no brainer, also had a very long talk with Bill and Michele.
Tuesday 17
working on getting financial data parsed and into a clean XML format.
Wednesday 18
Nahalat Shalom Community meeting, very positive.
Thursday 19
Got data into a clean XML format that I can easily insert into DB. Wait around all day for Dell computer to arrive. Got here about 6pm, then headed off to Cost Plus and Walmart for party supplies.
Friday 20
Mellow day, bought Carne Adovada, went for a run, no work.
Saturday 21
Walk in afternoon, party at Meg's in evening. Rand and Scott came alonw with Bert Lopez.
Sunday 22
Hike up in mtn's on Hwy 165 at the meadow we discoverd last weekend on Las Heurtas Creek tour.
Monday 23
Work all day.
Tuesday 24
Got new Dell Dimenions 2350 Linux box up and running, a bit of a hassle calling Dell and finding out that it was a Broadcom chip set, as Dell does NOT document this on the paper work. Evacuate in evening cause of Bosque fire, largest ABQ fire in 23 years.
Wednesday 25
Death penalty meeting at NM Conf of Churches, walk w/ meg in evening to see second day of huge bosque fires. This one unfortunately was set. We got to ditch, and tried to make a left heading south on the little trail west of ditch and a cop on a motorcycle said, "Hey, get out of there !" We were extremely lucky he said that, otherwise we might have been trapped in a major incinerator. Its bizarre how the human mind is attracted to the flames. In fact, as we were walking over I said to HoneyBun lets walk into the fire.
Thursday 26
Woke up smelling like a chimney, and feeling like I smoked a pack of cigarettes. Finally, the data is sitting in the database, ready for phase II. Walk over to Homeless meeting, met with HAC. Talked to Bks, he is coming to NM next week.
Friday 27
Jog in morning, clean kitchen cabinets where food is, and put back stuff, ants are no longer an issue, for now.
Saturday 28
Santa Fe all day with Rand. Bakery for coffee and bread, dish store, lunch at Salad Bar. Hang out at photo gallery, pool with Scott and Michael, late nite snack at Upper Crust.
Sunday 29
Mellow day, late evening hike. Rake road from telephone box mess up.
Monday 30
Work all day. Clean house.
July
Tuesday 01
Got Texture class up and running. This is HUGE, using the SVGGraphics mode, now drawing pictures using Java2D, instead of raw SVG. Dinner at Geezamboni's and then hike across Montano in the ghetto.
Wednesday 02
Jog in morning, shopping at Fruit Basket.
Thursday 03
Head out to Placitas late in the day, pack for camping trip in morning.
Friday 04
Drive to camping spot at top of hill past Mora Valley and after you crest hill and start coming down hill its that valley. Set up tent and read New Yorker.
Saturday 05
Great day hike up old logging road and loop back on ridge, then bush whack down the hill. Read New Yorker in afternoon, awesome late evening hike along a lush stream with tall grass.
Sunday 06
Head home after mellow morning of breakfast and packing. Lite lunch in Las Vegas at Storrie Lake, then blizzard at Dairy Queen. Home around 3pm, clean up and read for awhile.
Monday 07
Work on turning data in database into Xml format. Also, start cranking on XPath to retrieve certain pieces of data from that file. Got 2nd check from Jeff of 3 checks. Spoke to Mom, and Mahesh. He gave me an update on his trip to Brazil. Its the first time I spoke to him since he graduated.
Tuesday 08
Skipped 1000 Friends of N.M. meeting and went on a walk with meg.
Wednesday 09
Work, late nite walk with H.B.
Thursday 10
North Valley Coalition meeting w/ new president Ken Balizer. Talked about moveon.org concept in Abq, a web site to poll and vote for issues.
Friday 11
Finally, got the Xml Data and Svg Picture generation integrated. Placitas for dinner plus nice walk.
Saturday 12
Mellow weekend. Started reading Lewis and Clark by Stephen Ambrose. Nice walk in evening
Sunday 13
Mellow weekend.
Monday 14
Unm for lecture on Guaymas. Saw Marty O at the old mexican bakery which shut down on Central. Too bad, that place was really good, but just didn't make it. Its now a mellow nice, asian restaurant.
Tuesday 15
Realized that I didn't need Axis, but that servlets would work. Started working on servlets.
Wednesday 16
Rand's for weeding garden. Got servlets to work.
Thursday 17
Read ALOT of Svg postings on the news group, and came to a HUGE conclusion, since I am not doing interactive images, I don't really need SVG, but instead can go with JPEG's generated from the Graphics2D. This is a huge breakthrough in the design of the system and really solves lots of problems related to SVG in browsers. Can also convert SVG's to JPEG's too, but that is probably not needed. Men's group in evening, first one since before Italy. Talked about Bert Lopez NOT being there any more, bummer...
Friday 18
Believe it or NOT, I got the integration working all the way from the servlet to generating the images, this is HUGE ! Pot luck in the evening at Hershel's, had a really nice time. Joan and Denise were there, along with Bob and Julie, Benay, Ruth, Richard, and Carol Spizman.
Saturday 19
Breakfast with Nick at Flying Star, then Pond w/ Nick. Saw movie Nowhere in Africa, awesome, at the MadStone. Dinner at Melting Pot, and then walked around Old Town.
Sunday 20
Mellow day, late evening walk.
Monday 21
Got Jpeg image processing to work. Dinner with Hb at Saggio's. Talk on Mayan hieroglpyhics.
Tuesday 22
Work all day on Servlet Framework research, Turbine & Struts. Got Turbine Tdk working at 10:30pm. Talk at Nahalat Shalom on Brazil. A friend of Andrew Stone's. Saddam Hussein's sons were killed in a fiery shoot out. Mom breaks her arm and goes into surgery. She is OK.
Wednesday 23
All day on Turbine, Torque, Velocity. Walk in eveing. SunFlower Market and Walmart.
Thursday 24
Very interesting homeless meeting. We finally all figured out what the heck we are doing, and are now all on the same page. Also, the light went on with Turbine, and now I understand the design of what these folks are trying to do, and it all is very intuitive and clear. Jog in the morning and met my angel Jack, who told me to allow more love into my heart, which is EXACTLY what Hb and I were discussing in depth last night in relation to why I didn't tell Hb about my Mom's surgery until after it was over. Did some good irrigating today too, of the front yard.
Friday 25
Farmer's Market.
Saturday 26
Swimming at Tamaya.
Sunday 27
Dinner with Pam and James.
Monday 28
Jim's son Quinn's Birthday party at Anna's house. Fiasco with Hb trying to buy a used Camry.
Tuesday 29
Risk with Rand. Charter school meeting with Mike Albers and Robin.
Wednesday 30
Hb goes to Guji's for massage, I work at home. Mike Alber's signs off on charter school.
Thursday 31
Got title at bank. Work all week on Velocity.
August
Friday 01
More work on Velocity, very close to having it work by displaying images on web page with Velocity. Really starting to understand Velocity, its very cool. Morning with Nick, R.B. Winnings, then Wild Oats so he can drop off his car and sell it. Three movies with Honey Bun at High Ridge on Indian School and Tramway. Saw Whale Rider, Seabiscuit, and Winged Migration. Officially sign over 1993 Toyota Corolla to Meg.
Saturday 02
Leo's daughter Bella Bat Mitzvah. Party Sat night at bar and restaurant on Central just north of Carlisle.
Sunday 03
Jcrc meeting, mellow afternoon, walk with HoneyBun, Hb goes home after dinner. Discussion about Indian Affairs from UNM Law Professor who heads up this office at UNM.
Monday 04
Leave my home at 4:45AM for Pitt / Ocean City, see journal for further details.
Tuesday 05
Wednesday 06
Thursday 07
Friday 08
Saturday 09
Sunday 10
Monday 11
Tuesday 12
Wednesday 13
Thursday 14
Friday 15
Saturday 16
Sunday 17
Monday 18
Tuesday 19
Wednesday 20
Back home from Pitt. Received final check from Jeff. Long talk with Robin Troup about Charter School. Talked to Peter Day. Mother got her cast off. Hang at Rand's house after dinner with Meg. Short walk on Anderson Field, awesome sunset.
Thursday 21
Meeting at Wild Oats with Robin, Lisa, and Celia. This was the FIRST meeting with the team. Our final Homeless meeting with Elise Welch et al, Ken Balizer showed up for the meeting. Spent night in Placitas.
Friday 22
David and Dana Kleiman came for lunch.
Saturday 23
Bar Mitzvah of Ian Brody, son of Jeff and Linda Brody. Out to their house in the evening, 50 miles back to Meg's via Hwy 22.
Sunday 24
Mellow day, hike in evening.
Monday 25
Meeting with Mike Albers and Robin at City Hall. Work some on Turbine.
Tuesday 26
Meeting with Bill Reynolds and David S. Dixon of LeastSquares Software, pack for Silver City. Better understanding of Velocity and Turbine combination, I am really in good shape to get going on building out a really nice Web Ui based on this technology.
Wednesday 27
Drive to Silver City, pick Peter up at airport at 10am. Lunch in T or C, arrive Silver at 4:15pm.
Thursday 28
Tough day with HB, dealing with early morning fiasco of not being back in 10 minutes. Breakfast at Vicky's. Pinos Altos hike in afternoon, to work things out.
Friday 29
Very mellow day at home. Mid afternoon walk into town to show HB around town and look at some cute houses. Mike and Megan come over after dinner to hang out.
Saturday 30
Lunch at Nancy's Silver Cafe. Home, party down with Peter during rain storm. Drive out Cottage San, then back and out Little Walnut. Thinking about buying land in Silver City. Great Nori roles for dinner.
Sunday 31
Drive home via Reserve and Plains of San Augustin. Late evening walk over to final night of Fiesta at church.
September
Monday 01
Work during day, out to Placitas at night. Paco is missing.
Tuesday 02
Begin working on charter school pieces.
Wednesday 03
Four rabbis at Unm, question ? What does God have to do with it ? God has always been here. Ie. Universe is infinite, and has always been here.
Thursday 04
Juan Melendez was on death row for 18 years and he was innocent. He was a poor migrant worker who was set up by the government as a guilty party in a murder. When Florida let him go in 2001 they gave him a pair of pants and a shirt and $100. He had to borrow a pair of shoes from a friend. PLUS, the state of Florida did NOT apologize. He knew other people on death row who were innocent and were executed. Please tell every one you know that our government is executing innocent people on death row and that the death penalty should be abolished. We are the only country in the western world who still has a death penalty, every other country has abolished the death penalty but us. The reason they have abolished the death penalty is because the system is flawed and innocent people are getting murdered.
Friday 05
Complete one good week of charter school work. Peter Day heads off to Brazil. Larry, my neighbor kicks the bucket from Hodgkins.
Saturday 06
Simma's Bat Mitzvah, walk in afternoon, Rand's house for party.
Sunday 07
Rand's house for breakfast, nap in afternoon. Excellent walk late in day, park at end of road, and head up the ditch paralleling the road up towards the ski basin. This the first time meg and I have parked at this spot, and the first time walking along the ditch. Late in the day there are NO cars up that road, it was peaceful and beautiful.
Monday 08
Work on Cs stuff. Discoverd Yu-Koo company thanks to Mike Bobick.
Tuesday 09
Work on Cs stuff and ets code. Long talk with Mike Giles.
Wednesday 10
Met Paul outside walking the dogs. Filled him in on what is going on at the end of the road regarding the 1 acre lot for sale with the shitty house. Navin is leaving Vitria. Nina for dinner, had Thai food. Awesome cloudy, rainy weather. This is definitely the first MAJOR hint of autumn in the air.
Thursday 11
First hood board meeting of year, decided NOT to resign, as the number of annual meetings was greatly reduced, plus I like the folks in the group, and so it does not take up much time. Run in afternoon, glorious autumn days. Cranking along on Turbine / Velocity, learned more about the global tool aspect of Turbine, getting close to having these ideas figured out.
Friday 12
Mark Saul dies mysteriously. I spoke to John Gutman and in his honor decided to attend the 25th Lawrenceville Reunion Apr 30 -> May 02, 2004. John convinced me to come by offering to me the first reservation in his nine bedroom home with a dishwasher that cycles in 90 seconds.
Saturday 13
State Fair all day, stopped by bakery at the end of the fair to buy some tortillas. Watched Bowling for Columbine.
Sunday 14
Mellow day, walk near Mania's house, visit with them for a short while.
Monday 15
All day meeting at Robin's. Money issue came up. Run when I got home, then SunFlower Market. Vitr hits new 52 week high of $6.52.
Tuesday 16
Sun Meeting with Scott, Ecollege Buys DataMark, Stock hits $20.00.
Wednesday 17
Spoke to Maria on Lionel's Mom's Death. Download new Turbine 2.3 along with new Torque, late evening walk with HB.
Thursday 18
Bill and Michele were supposed to come to dinner, but their flight from Ca. got cancelled due to Hurricane Isabel. So, instead Bruce came to dinner. We did a barbecue. Turbine 2.3 and Torque 3.1 up and running, this is a major accomplishment and a lot of work. I am officially decoupling the ets from zrato. The ets knows nothing about the user interface. So you can actually have completely different UI's with the same ets.
Friday 19
out to Placitas late in the day.
Saturday 20
Spent the whole day in Santa Fe. Bot a gift for Eve, lunch at the Thai restaurant. Was there once before with Joy and Scott. This time it was much better. Hang at Edward's house for awhile, drop off gift. Then go for a hike up near Audubon Center. Met folks who lived near Meg's old house on Upper Canyon Road. Park at Downtown Subscription and walk into town. Dinner at Pranzo, very nice.
Sunday 21
Hike up canyon going east of the ditch for the first time. This is big wilderness, and we felt un-familiar with this territory, so we have a lot more exploring to do in this area.
Monday 22
Meg here for reading with Logan. Keith called me today, haven't talked to him in a LONG time.
Tuesday 23
Robin drops off Charter CD and I read the entire manuscript.
Wednesday 24
Go over corrections with Robin on the Charter CD. Candidate forum for Council District 2. Amendment 2 off by 23 votes, looks like 78 million dollar stimulus package for education from permanent fund may fail. Log4j review with Turbine, Torque, Velocity, and Jetty.
Thursday 25
Lorenzo Dominguez caught a cab, suicide. Everything now working on Turbine 2.3, Torque 3.1 etc... Problem was not including Flux.properties inside TurbineResources.properties and also Velocity path to the flux vm's. Rand over in evening.
Friday 26
All day at Mike Alber's office putting together final printing of charter school document. Rode bus home at 2pm, caught the 8:25am bus down town. Mother and Dad out here Oct 29, Thursday thru Nov 05, Wednesday. Oneg at NS, then walk home. Spoke to Bert's ex-wife Melissa Binder.
Saturday 27
Breakfast at Garcia's. REI, ran into Philip Clark, wow. Corralles Harvest festival, hay ride, fun...
Sunday 28
Walk in afternoon on BLM north of Meg's.
Monday 29
Work.
Tuesday 30
Work, Rand's after dinner for Risk and story about Mormon's that he told me.
October
Wednesday 01
Spoke to AbqJournal about Charter School, document was deliverd yesterday afternoon. Front page story this morning on school.
Thursday 02
More work on Ag. Meeting in evening on Fourth Street Project.
Friday 03
Cloudy chilly day. Complete portfolio's finally. Start reviewing paper work for taxes, EIN's, and LLC's.
Saturday 04
Saw Under the Tuscan Sun starring Diane Lane. Dinner at Thai Restaurant, research at book store on LLC's. Long walk in open space until dark.
Sunday 05
Got wood near Glen's house in the Jemez. Dinner at his home, meg and I partied and saw G-d over looking San Antonio Canyon. We were able to look into each others eyes and see ourselves. Wow ! Drove home and unloaded wood in the dark.
Monday 06
Filed Arcadian Group LLC paperwork. Lunch with HB here. Work all day on web page look.
Tuesday 07
Spoke to Elisa Rubin, her baby's name is Matthew Logan Affinito, bday is Aug 07, 2003. Got navigation more up and running on zrato. Talked to Lionel.
Wednesday 08
Talk to Robin about meeting tomorrow. Meeting w/ Jens to discuss Ralph Mims effort, got to meet the artists working on project.
Thursday 09
Meeting with Mike, decide on new contract. Meeting with Joan on hood assoc board meeting.
Friday 10
Continue working on Turbine all day. House cleaning.
Saturday 11
Mellow day at home in Placitas, walk at end of day. Started seriously reading the DaVinci Code.
Sunday 12
Eve's wedding. A fun gorgeous day in the mountains, the aspens sparkled the whole time.
Monday 13
More work on Turbine, understanding session level Application Tools.
Tuesday 14
Version zrato00acf.zip is done, awesome. I have FINALLY finished navigation for now, and can move back into Batik and the Svg world of generating images. Went with meg to Sunflower to buy food for our trip, we spent $40 each for food, $80 total. Got up at 1:15am this morning to complete this huge task. Listened to WebMethods Conf call, they bot 3 companies for 32 million, and got 40 employees.
Wednesday 15
Drive to Farmington, arrive at 10pm. Stay at La Quinta Inn.
Thursday 16
Drive to our camping spot in Canyon Lands via Monticello. Set up camp.
Friday 17
Hike up west side of Lavendar Canyon.
Saturday 18
Hike up east side of Lavendar Canyon.
Sunday 19
Drive to Durango, walk around downtown.
Monday 20
Breakfast in Aztec at the Aztec restaurant. Home, unpack, pick up Paco at dark.
Tuesday 21
Get back into work, lots of errands. Update ets to work with the new yahoo finance site.
Wednesday 22
Met Moira Gerety, CIO of New Mexico at the ITEC conference.
Thursday 23
Joan's hood assoc, won raffle for $33, and gave back the money, good pot luck. Made banana bread.
Friday 24
Got EIN number, CRS number at state tax office. City of Abq Business Permit, and bank account. Run in afternoon. Dinner at Taco Cabana, major accident on Alameda, back up to Placitas going south. Fortunately, we were going north.
Saturday 25
Cold, windy day. Luke came out to the house and hung house. Nice dinner, bed early.
Sunday 26
Arts Festival in Bernalillo. Worked in garden, mellow walk w/ dogs.
Monday 27
Steff shows up and we hang out. "Enchanted Valley Education Foundation" name is proposed. Start looking into JFreeChart, men's group at Bob's with Leo, Hershel, and Bob.
Tuesday 28
Dede Feldman signatures for election day.
Wednesday 29
Awesome day, election results were the best in recent memory. All of the progressive candidates won, and Paseo Del Norte extension was shut down. Yahoo ! Vitr earnings release, neutral to slightly positive, NOT negative.
Thursday 30
Mom and Dad arrive, dinner at Los Cuates.
Friday 31
Hang with M/D for lunch at Flying Star. Lots of shopping at Keller's, Wal Mart, and Sun Flower. Dinner at Scalo.
November
Saturday 01
Santa Fe, lunch at La Fonda. Walk around town, cool Awakening Museum piece, a whole room of art.
Sunday 02
Cook and prepare for Thanksgiving meal. Rand, Luke, Mom and Dad.
Monday 03
Dinner with Mom and Dad at Scalo.
Tuesday 04
Dinner with Mom and Dad at Cafe Voila, french restaurant on Jefferson, near the Journal Center. M&D came by in morning for one hour. Completed majority of estimated taxes.
Wednesday 05
Mother and Dad fly home. I go for a run. Meeting with NRD on Indian School presentation of how the land is going to be used.
Thursday 06
Walk with Rand around Anderson fields. Got bbq for take home at Powdrell's.
Friday 07
Completed lots more work on Pic01. This is the first of many pure svg pics, since this is the first one I am calling it pic01. This is a generic 2d matrix with rows and cols. The rows and columns can be any size, and any data can be written in the grid data.
Saturday 08
Walk with Hb along Rio Grande just north of Hwy 550, along back road to Santa Fe. Met an interesting Indian by the name of Nick.
Sunday 09
Mellow day.
Monday 10
Men's group at Bob's. Hanover Direct Conference call.
Tuesday 11
Work, run in early afternoon.
Wednesday 12
Pay taxes, oil change, deal with Robin and Mike over what year school will open, we might have to wait until Autumn 2005.
Thursday 13
Sell Ecollege around $25. Coldest day in Abq since March of this year. First major winter storm of the season.
Friday 14
Meeting with Mayor Martin Chavez. Run in morning. Paco almost killed by coyotes. Go visit him after meeting downtown.
Saturday 15
Visit Paco in hospital. Early afternoon with James and Julie at the Riverside near Montano. Met a Ralph and talked about Group Souls. Also, met a woman who had an IR camera and was doing thermography. Home, walk in afternoon. Homecare Ball at JCC. Denise brought a quart of Vodka to the party.
Sunday 16
Mellow day, continuing to read "Under the Banner of Heaven" about the the Mormon church, walk in late afternoon.
Monday 17
Reading with Logan. Got a free safety deposit box at a local bank, move paperwork associated with Arcadian Group LLC to this spot. Talk to Bill about his idea, and possibly doing some work with him and David. Work out this whole concept in my mind.
Tuesday 18
Frustrating day, just never got things off the ground. Skipped going to the Ecuadorian movie that was being shown at UNM.
Wednesday 19
Got lots of work done today. Wrote the conversion package from flat.xml to cat.xml Run in afternoon with Star. Dinner with Hb here.
Thursday 20
Meeting with Mike at 10am at his office. Complete FlatToCat conversion. All of the Nasdaq100 companies are now in CategoryDataset form. Did a complete download of the companies and went thru the conversion process. Backed up the etsdata file set. Run with Star in the afternoon. After several years, found the math books I was looking for. They were buried at the bottom of that big box full of books I used to have in the closet. Made Carne Adovado for lunch. Helped Dad with the computer, especially doing downloads from Yahoo.
Friday 21
Happy Birthday ! Spoke to Mom and Dad at 6:30am. Scott called me and we had a long talk. He is hanging out in Michigan for the forseeable future. Took all my old paint cans and hazardous waste to the city facility. Torah study with Bob and Shad Goldstein. Peter Day called me and we talk for awhile. I told him about group souls and my reading with Logynn. Cleaned out the garage on one side, and moved book shelves closer to the door. Gorgeous autumn day. Dinner downtown at Brazilian restaurant where they walk around and serve you meat.
Saturday 22
Placitas Holiday Fair. Hang out at the winery in late afternoon. Weather went from 60 degrees in the morning to 20 degrees at night. Walking around Placitas was really cold. We hit the tent, the elementary school, but missed Cedar Light. We went home as the sun was setting.
Sunday 23
Excellent lecture on Travel Writers by David M. Wrobel, UNLV associate professor. It was the 22nd Calvin P. Horn Lecture. Dinner at Yanni's on Central, excellent meal.
Monday 24
Started work on JFreeReport, this is the first time looking at this package in depth and I like it. Its Data Model is based on TableModel, which is a very clean idea and nice architecture. I am going to pursue using this software package and it has a nice interface for generating PDF, XLS, and HTML reports based on the data model. Very cool. Men's group at night, Andrew Stone was there which was nice.
Tuesday 25
Run with Star in afternoon, she stayed at my house. Completed first round of JFreeReport. I am now generating very simple reports based on XML file configuration.
Wednesday 26
Mellow day, shopping at SunFlower. PostOffice and Bank run. Short walk in afternoon with Honeybun. Cleaned front room. Marty O for dinner with stir fry and Hb made some good pork. First fire of the year !
Thursday 27
Awesome Thanksgiving day. Thanksgiving at Jason's grandma's house, met brose@brosenbex.com and richard@handsprings.com Dinner at Diana's, hung out with Glen. A beautiful Thanksgiving day.
Friday 28
Worked in morning. Got JFreeReport working with columns corretly sorted. Walked around Old Town. Lunch at Garcias. Home, walk in Open Space, really cold late part of the day.
Saturday 29
Santa Fe with James. Lunch at Pasqual's. One of the best meals I have ever had in Santa Fe. Superb, but long wait. Walk down Canyon road, park at Old Sfi.
Sunday 30
Gorgeous late autumn day. High 60's. Worked outside in afternoon gathering kindling in a bucket. In the morning did a hike up side of mountain on way to Natl Forest.
December
Monday 1
Mellow day, not much work done.
Tuesday 2
Getting Velocity to work well with reports and Svg's.
Wednesday 3
Work all day. Hike with Star in afternoon, and Honeybun in evening. Made an Indian asparagus dish.
Thursday 4
Lunch with Nick Altiero, Dean of Tulane School of Engineering. Got a new driver's licence at the MVD. Nice evening at the Nob Hill Christmast walk.
Friday 5
James came over to pick up his oils and drop off Meg's new shirt she bought in Santa Fe last weekend. Long talk with Robin about High Tech High Replication and preparation for meeting on Monday with the School Board. Svg all day, studying different aspects of the spec and working out the first picture.
Saturday 6
Marcy, Anne, and Alan (Anne's brother) for dinner in Placitas. They are really nice people. Alan lives in the Yukon territory near WhiteHorse, and is fairly close to Alaska driving. We had egg plant parmesian which was really good.
Sunday 7
Cuba all day. Long hike off the road toward Fenton Lake. Lunch at our favorite Mexican restaurant in Cuba.
Monday 8
School board meeting at 5pm at 725 University, which is the APS Administrative offices. We passed this phase. Mike, Deirdre, and Robin were there.
Tuesday 9
Completed svg picture which shows sorted market caps. Getting this data up and sorted is huge. LaundryMat to clean up all of Star's blankets. She is getting a new bed in the other room. Hb gave me a big round pillow which Star can now sleep on. Cleaned up house, did laundry.
Wednesday 10
Shopping with Hb. Got 2 fleeces, and a pair of green pants at T.J. Maxx. Went for a run in the afternoon, the first one of the week. It was a nice warm day.
Thursday 11
Garbage day, threw away a big bag of cement that was in my garage. I cleaned my garage for the first time since I moved into my home in Feb of 1999. I moved my stuff to the back shed, that is getting ready to be thrown away. So the garage is pretty clean. Hb and I went for one of those glorious winter walks late in the day. Sun is setting around 4:50, its the darkest day of the year in sunset terms. Starting to understand viewBox in Svg. This is a very key, CORE concept that must be completely understood. Spoke to two companies today which could possibly provide me with quotes legally and also some fundamental data in a detailed quote. Working towards getting my contract worked out with the city. Nothing is final yet on this front.
Friday 12
Work during day. Complete Nasdaq100. Torah study at Bob's. Dinner at Hb's. Nice fire in evening.
Saturday 13
Late morning / early afternoon walk around house. Drive into town. Party at Dave Foreman's house. Spoke to Martin Heinrich, and saw former mayor Jim Baca at the party. He is also a short guy.
Sunday 14
Walk with Diana over to Valley High School. Saddam Hussein is FINALLY captured alive, this was an incredible journey. Wow.
Monday 15
VMWare bought by EMC for 635 Million in cash. Ed Zander named CEO of Motorola, set up a time to speak to Paul King. Learned from Mayor Chavez that charter school application might get nixed.
Tuesday 16
Woke up sick, throwing up. Worked all day on transpose and sorting data, and realized I needed to come up with my own Data Structure with source code I have complete control over. Missed meeting at city office.
Wednesday 17
The dreadful day. Made a speech at Alameda Elementary School chiding the school board and especially Leonard Delayo. Also, spoke to Paul King who is working on social networking software. Basically, he wants me to work for him for free, this is NOT going to work. Also, at Alameda Elementary School they had cookies and turkey before the meeting and I chowed down.
Thursday 18
Meeting with Mayor at 9:30am, followed by editorial board meeting at ABQ Journal at 11:30am, followed by 3:30pm meeting at the ABQ Tribune. Needless, to say it was a fun day. Met Richard Romero and Miles Nelson at UNM Law School at 6pm to discuss the upcoming election against Heather Wilson.
Friday 19
Torah study at Bob's. Hanukah party at Nahalat Shalom. Talked to Linda Brody. Lit the menorahs, and had a pot luck.
Saturday 20
Tamaya resort in morning, indian dances, and good bread. Stopped by Jackalope and Cedar Light. Mark Godwin caught a cab. Luke's house to drop off money for plane ride to Florida.
Sunday 21
Glen and Diana for dinner. Lowe's to buy a chicken. Partied with Glen before dinner on the ditch. Nice fire in the place.
Monday 22
Work, got Blue up and running with new picture scheme.
Tuesday 23
Signed contract down at the city. Got Pic05 up and running with new data structure. Run in afternoon, gorgeous cold day. Spoke to Lionel and Maria.
Wednesday 24
Pick up turkey at Keller's early in the morning. Make an eggplant dish. Bank, Post Office, and Fruit Basket.
Thursday 25
Jason, Rochelle, Damien, Gabriel for Christmas dinner. Hike with Damien after dinner he just sat down on the road and said I am not going any further.
Friday 26
Hb works all day, I stay home and sleep.
Saturday 27
Hike up canyon near Sandia man cave.
Sunday 28
Saw third movie in the Lord of the Rings.
Monday 29
Got multiple colored pictures working.
Tuesday 30
More fun work, things are cranking along. Bot 1 cord of wood for $100 from one of my neighbors who lives on Van Cleave.
Wednesday 31
Mellow New Years evening at home sorting thru New Yorker's. During the afternoon I hung out with Stephen Landau.