2008


Finish up the year of 2007 here with the final days in December.
December


Thursday 20
Christmas pot luck at JSI.
Friday 21
George gives me a ride home from the Merc as the snow and ice was too
severe for me to drive...  A replay of last year.  Roy and I go for a walk.
Saturday 22
Mellow day at home with Gabe who spent the night last night our house.
Sunday 23
Mellow day at home studying Spanish.
Monday 24
Hb and Andy go to meet Rand for breakfast.  Spoke to John Gutman.
Tuesday 25
Jason came out late in the day with the kids.  Worked on the subjunctive.
Wednesday 26
First day back after the Christmas holiday.  Border's at lunch to solidify plans for leaving Guayaquil and going into the Central Highlands via Guaranda.
Thursday 27
Failed attempt on converting CVS to Subversion due to the CVS server crashing for the first time in 2 years and 3 months.
Friday 28
Breakfast at Flying Star on Paseo and read about 23andMe.com, a new website by one of the founders of Google's new wife.  Big blowout lunch for my leaving JSI at the Asado Brazilian restaurant.
Saturday 29
Mistakenly went to Marcy and Anne's for dinner, went over to Whole Foods for dinner then read books on Ecuador at Border's.
Sunday 30
Brian, Lisa, Alex and Zara come to our house for lunch.  We went on a hike.
Monday 31
Last day of work at JSI.  Lunch at Indian restaurant with Mike and Steve.  Dinner at Diana's with Glen, Sue and Lori who is a microbiologist.




2008
This is part I, Jan - Jun 
January
Tuesday 01
First day of the year is not off to a good start, I was sick all day.  Probably got food poisoning at the Indian restaurant yesterday with Mike Motulewicz and Steve Brodeur.
Wednesday 02
Mellow day at home, booked hotel in La.
Thursday 03
Lunch with Rand at Yasmine's on Central.  Walk with Hb late in the day.
Friday 04
Mellow day at home.  Nice walk towards the end of the day up the pipe line trail under the road walking east.
Saturday 05
Marcy and Anne's for dinner.
Sunday 06
Greg comes over for a tour of the house.  Went to Dean's for my going away dinner.
Monday 07
Was going to go up to Santa Fe to visit with Scott but there was too much snow in Santa Fe.
Tuesday 08
Mellow day at home, the final day.
Wednesday 09
Pam takes us to the airport, fly to La.  For the record the flight from LAX to Guayaquil on Copa Airlines was $490.80 per person for a round trip ticket for Hb and I.
Thursday 10
Walk around El Segundo and have lunch at the Farm Stand.
Friday 11
Fly to Guayaquil.  First night dinner at a restaurant close by.
Saturday 12
Walk to the Malecon 2000, Guayaquil did a great job with this place.
Sunday 13
Mellow day at the Tangara, then walk around and had lunch at the Oro Verde Hotel.
Monday 14
Bus ride to Guaranda, fantastic, the transition from lowlands to highland was magical.
Tuesday 15
Met Susie and Laura and our spanish instructor Valeria, hang out with Susie and Laura at the coffee house.
Wednesday 16
Our first Spanish lesson in Ecuador with Valeria.
Thursday 17
Met up with a college age girl on the street who took us for a ride up to the top of the hill in Guaranda to see the whole view of the city.  She was very nice and told us about Guaranda and my spanish appears to be getting a bit better.
Friday 18
Our final spanish lesson for now with Valeria.  We then had lunch at the market which was very nice.
Saturday 19
Final day in Guaranda, went out to Salinas,  and got a ride back with the owner of the Estancia restaurant.
Sunday 20
Early morning departure to Ambato after a light breakfast in Guaranda.  Had lunch at the Florida hotel and met Francisco, who eventually told us he couldn´t cash our traveler´s check.
Monday 21
Monday market in Ambato, and tried to get some traveler´s checks cashed, this was a disaster day to say the least.  Then spent time looking for hotels in Banos only to discover later that the Tungurahua volcano was too scary to go there.
Tuesday 22
Took a bus to Quito from Ambato.  Arrived in Quito and met Wayne immediately at the B&B.. The cab driver brought back my jacket after he couldn´t find our hostal and then dropped us off a block away, and then 15 minutes he showed up with my jacket.  I gave him a tip and a hug.  Walked around the Mariscal,  clearly we were blown away.
Wednesday 23
Walked around Quito for the first day around the Mariscal and up to the SAE club where we signed up.
Thursday 24
Finally got a traveler´s check cashed in Quito, this was a much bigger deal than it had to be.  Walked over to the old part of Quito, wow -- met an old man who took us around and we payed him tres dollars.  Then we had a tour of the old jesuit church whose ceiling was entirely in gold and our tour guide was an awesome young man.  SAE for a talk in the evening.
Friday 25
Michele got her first massage in Ecuador that was kind of fluffy.  Then we had lunch back at the B&B and then after lunch we went over to the SAE.  Then we went for a nice walk west of our hotel.  It was our first time west of 9 de Agosto and up towards that neighborhood.
Saturday 26
Today we took the bus north towards the airport, and then walked south through Carolina Park.  We watched some live music and watched some local Ecuadorians drink some beer.  We had a lovely lunch at an Indian restaurant with Paty and her mom.  Paty is an English teacher here in Quito and studied for four years in Oregon.  At the end of our meal, she offered us her phone number and email address.  Ecuadorians continue to blow me away with their open friendliness.
Sunday 27
Walked around Ejido Park and checked out all of the artists.  Went to the internet cafe and I finished my first trip report on yangerman and sent it out to the folks at JSI.
Monday 28
Rained all day and did our first Spanish lesson with Betty Lu.  End of the day we went to the book store.  We met Charles Wilson for lunch at his office and hung out with him until 3:30.
Tuesday 29
Rained all day for the second straight day and had lunch at the Mongolian restaurant.  Took our laundry to the lavenderia.  Early evening as it was raining continually.
Wednesday 30
Took a day off from Spanish and went for a walk near the university and overlooking the hill near the US embassy up on the hill.  Lunch in a restaurant in that neighborhood and then walk over to the SAE.
Thursday 31
Dinner on the hill overlooking Quito at the Cafe Mosaico.  We shared a cab over there with Wayne and sat with him at dinner which was nice.  We also met a guy by the name of Joe who was very interesting and told us a lot about Ecuador and how the politics works.  Very interesting to say the least.  Earlier in the day this information was also communicated to us via Dr. Charles Wilson our chiropractor friend from Quito who is clearly an intellectual and teacher for both Hb and I.
February
Friday 01
Betty cancelled class so Hb and I studied by ourselves.  I am finally starting to get the haber verb tenses down, although it will probably take a bit while longer to solidify.  Hb did her reading with Paige and I did some cruising on the net.
Saturday 02
Mellow day at Elena´s house.
Sunday 03
Went for a walk up in the park overlooking Quito, Parque de Metropolitano.
Monday 04
Took bus into old town and then walked up to Cafe Mosaico where we met a woman who was with a group of doctors.
Tuesday 05
Met lady from England who has been in Ecuador for 30 years and turned us on to places to stay all over Ecuador, had a Spanish lesson in the morning.
Wednesday 06
Our final day in Quito, walked over to SAE and uploaded our pictures to google.  Also, had a nice Spanish lesson with Betty in the morning.
Thursday 07
Ride the bus from Quito to Latacunga.  This was a disaster day, in fact our worst day of the trip so far, and I will update why after our return back to the states.
Friday 08
Long bus ride from Latacunga out to Isinlivi.  We got to the bus station around noon and arrived in Isinlivi around 4pm..  This is a beautiful little village and we are happy to be here.
Saturday 09
I did an initial walk to check out the area by walking down to the river and then back up a bit to understand the lay of the land.
Sunday 10
Huge walk all the way down to the river, then along the river basin to the next small town on the river towards Sichos and then all the way back up to Isinlivi.  It started to rain on the walk back up so Hb created a bus to appear just as we hit the road, this was a lucky break.
Monday 11
Long walk to the Guantualo market with our guardian angel.  Had a nice lunch at the market and then took a truck back to town with a cow, 5 pigs, and some random people from town.  This was all part of the adventure of being in Ecuador, needless to say it was an interesting ride.
Tuesday 12
Mellow day at home in Isinlivi.  Spent some time hanging out with Bob and Jamie from Nantucket who knew Marsh Chambers.  Late in the day Hb and I took a short walk up the hill behind the church.
Wednesday 13
Left Isinlivi early in the morning and were going to take the bus to Sichos, but we missed the bus by five minutes and so we decided that was a sign to go back to Latacunga with the same bus and bus driver.  Mellow day in Latacunga and stayed at the Hotel Cotopaxi.
Thursday 14
Went to the market in Sasquili for the morning and early afternoon.
Friday 15
Long bus ride from Latacunga, change buses in Ambato, and then all the way to Cuenca.  We were going to go to Ingapirca and stay in El Tambo, but the weather was rainy and muddy and so we decided to go all the way to Cuenca.  Esperanza and Wilson met us at the bus station and took us to their hostel.  We negotiated a rate of eight dollars a night for two persons.
Saturday 16
First full day in Cuenca. Walk up to the market and generally learn our way around a bit.
Sunday 17
Quiet day in Cuenca, Sundays in Ecuador are really quiet.
Monday 18
Start looking around for a Spanish school, spoke to a lady who is on the board of directors of cedei.org.
Tuesday 19
Hb and I get engaged for the third time, we have decided to get married when we get home.
Wednesday 20
First time cooking in six weeks, I think that is the longest I have gone in my adult life.  We went for a walk on the other side of the river for the first time.
Thursday 21
Walking around Cuenca, bought a big bottle of water, that was the highlight of our day.
Friday 22
Not feeling well, first I had a cold, then I have diarehhea, plus it is raining every day, one of the lower points in the trip.
Saturday 23
A very low point in the trip as I am still feeling sick and its rained every day since we arrived in Cuenca, the most rain Ecuador has received since 1996.
Sunday 24
Five weeks left, we have clearly passed the half way point of our voyage, first day starting to feel better, after a really nasty cold.  Hb had her special weekly Sunday brunch -- while I watched, then over to the mercado for my breakfast of $1.50 of soup and chicken.  Went for a walk down the river, then a nice sushi lunch down the steps from our hostel.
Monday 25
Cashed travelers checks in Cuenca, then out to Banos and met our friend Francisco who is the Maitre D at the restaurant we had lunch at near the baths.
Tuesday 26
Bus ride to Saraguro -- arrived and the hostel was full, so we got to stay at the nicest hostel in town up on the hill, would have never found if that other one was full.
Wednesday 27
Had to deal again with some diarrhea, this is starting to get old, but we had a nice mellow day walking into town for the first time.  Went to the market and saw lots of people dressed in black.
Thursday 28
First day at the internet cafe in Saraguro. Went for a walk this morning and had a nice talk with a native woman who was curious about life in the USA.
Friday 29
Mellow day in Saraguro, the singing on Friday night scared Hb into leaving Saraguro in the morning, and I tended to agree with her assessment, it was the beginning of their carnival.
March
Saturday 01
Leave Saraguro and arrive in Loja briefly, then on to Villicabamba.
Sunday 02
Mellow day at the hostel, hung out with Christina from Holland and Gabriel, a 70 year old guy who was born and raised in Germany and moved to Canada when he was 19.
Monday 03
Uploaded pictures to Picasa for the second batch.
Tuesday 04
Met Dirk who was on a two year journey, one year in Asia and one year in SA.
Wednesday 05
Went into town to get the Te Amargo from Craig´s wife at the book exchange.
Thursday 06
Another mellow day at home.
Friday 07
Mellow day at home, starting to study the green spanish book.
Saturday 08
Finally starting to feel better, the Te Amargo that we got from Raquel at Craig´s book exchange is finally starting to kick in, and it appears that my diareha for now has subsided.
Sunday 09
Nice walk from Charlie´s cabins back to town, long talk with the Belgium chocolate maker.
Monday 10
Breakfast with Harold Schwartz a podiatrist from Philadelphia, into Vilcabamba and make reservations back to Abq from La.
Tuesday 11
Our first day in Loja, we are staying at a nice place.
Wednesday 12
Hb´s birthday and we went to see a dance performance in the evening.  Harold turned us on to a ceviche restaurant.  Made a reservation on Tame to fly from Loja to Guayaquil on March 26.
Thursday 13
Second day at the ceviche restaurant in Loja, walked around town and did our laundry.
Friday 14
Our first day in Zamora, the bus ride from Loja was less than 2 hours.  We are staying at a nice eco-lodge with lots of animals in a nice jungle setting.
Saturday 15
Walked out to Copalinga to check it out, its a two dollar cab ride, and we will stay there starting tomorrow.  We walked back into town which is about one hour.
Sunday 16
After our almuerzo, we arrived at Copalinga in the early afternoon.
Monday 17
Nice Spanish lesson with Maritza, Alex, and Jessica, they were very good students.  Walked down to the river and hit some rocks with some rocks.
Tuesday 18
Walk into town.  Met an ornithologist at breakfast who told us about diversity of species in the birds.
Wednesday 19
Michele and I did our first trail at Copalinga all the way up to the water fall and hydroelectric dam, we met Raul, the man from Peru who talked to us and showed us on down the trail.  We also met some jews, John, Jane, and Vivian...  John and Jane have a nice home in Vilcabamba and Vivian lives in Aspen and had Bill Joy over to her house for dinner one night.  Michele and I decided to continue to stay at Copalinga for four more nights through Monday, the day after Easter and then we will move on back to Loja.
Thursday 20
Nice breakfast and work some more with Maritza on helping her with English, she is an excellent student, and Michele and I have enjoyed teaching her, her daughter Jessica, and her son Alex, cousin Jorge, Michael etc English.
Friday 21
Walked up to the Podocarpus park and there was no cars on the road and no one in the park, absolutely lovely.  This was Good Friday in Ecuador so everything is shut down.
Saturday 22
Mellow day at copalinga, and taught spanish class.
Sunday 23
Did the final long trail on the right side of their property, it was really fun walking in the jungle.  Nice dinner of chicken for our final night at Copalinga.
Monday 24
Lunch at the nice hotel we like in Loja.  Major landslide, derrumbe on our bus trip from Zamora to Loja.  Maritza gave us a nice gift and we had a nice talk with her before our departure.
Tuesday 25
Nice mellow day in Loja, reading email and walking around town.
Wednesday 26
Up at around midnight, and officially got up at 4:15AM.  Took a taxi, who picked us up around 5am to the Loja airport which is about 45 minutes away in a coop taxi with 3 other people plus the driver.  Met Diego in the airport and he accompanied us to Guayaquil.  Flew in an old twin engine prop plane, and saw the flooding around Guayaquil.  Our hostel is very nice.  Went on a short walk in the afternoon.
Thursday 27
First full day in Guayaquil.  We walked down to the Malecon from Iguanazu.  Had a very nice lunch at the Hampden Inn.  Walked around the Malecon and returned home on the bus, quite an interesting city.
Friday 28
Saint Ann's Hill, and then an Almuerzo near there.
Saturday 29
Hang out around the hostal and went for a Cuban lunch.
Sunday 30
Fly home, nice talk with Santiago prior to leaving.
Monday 31
Fly home at 6am from LA.  Sue picked us up at the airport and then we went over to Diana's. Glen was there, then over to Rand's to pick up mail, then bank and post office, while Hb had lunch at Sophia's.  Then SunFlower Market for food.
April
Tuesday 01
Went to airport to pick up our lost bags but they weren't there, then over to the library to get on the internet to start working on taxes.
Wednesday 02
Pick up bags at the airport, then library to work on taxes.
Thursday 03
Library to work on taxes
Friday 04
Finished taxes at the library and e-filed them, glad this is done.
Saturday 05
Andy, Pam for dinner.
Sunday 06
Walk with Hb out to Cabezon area.
Monday 07
Work on jquery.
Tuesday 08
Work on jquery, very nice walk at the end of the day.
Wednesday 09
Placitas library to do some work.
Thursday 10
More work at home on reading the Allied Capital Annual report.
Friday 11
El Pinto for Mania's birthday party at 6pm.  Border's earlier near SunFlower Market, then the SunFlower and Trader Joe's.
Saturday 12
Got high speed internet up and running in Placitas for the first time in our lives.  Pam's party in the afternoon, partied with Jeremy and Wes when I arrived and I was set for the day.  Andy and I went for a walk around the block prior to the party.
Sunday 13
Work on rocks in backyard with Gabe who stayed at our house last night and went to Pam's party.
Monday 14
Got signed up at Pres for health care, this is a huge step forward in fulfilling my consulting dream again and getting things going on the business end.  Having this covered is mission critical, and at a cost that is affordable.  Figured out how to pull tags for jquery including tag 1.2.3 which is the latest release of jquery.
Tuesday 15
Starting to work on a strategy for moving forward, got jquery more up and running with the new tagged release.  Hb and I went for a walk late in the day.
Wednesday 16
No walk today, too windy.  Need to start walking in the morning if possible.  Lots of research on Open Social and got a little Hello World up and running on Hi5.  Also, lots of research across the Google Platform.  They have client libraries talking to all of their applications.
Thursday 17
Walk with Roy, got tax stuff at the box, TJ's, Fruit Basket, Post Office, Bank.
Friday 18
Finished up my tax audit for the IRS.  Worked on the Open Social API, got my sandbox account at Orkut and got some simple apps up and running.
Saturday 19
Passover Seder with Andy, Sima, and her prom friends at Rand's house.
Sunday 20
Work on OpenSocial API marketing pitch to Steve at MediMundi.
Monday 21
Hb went to Santa Fe and I got Shindig up and running, along with getting code compiling under Eclipse.
Tuesday 22
Start code review and understanding of Shindig.
Wednesday 23
First time talking with Steve from MediMundi.
Thursday 24
Worked late at night figuring out Maven and how to do svn diff's.  Then I had to learn about the JIRA and how to attach patch files as part of a JIRA issue.
Friday 25
Figured out how patch works on windows.  I had to re-install cygwin with the patch tool default and then it worked.  Initially I was trying to run it just in a command shell after downloading the .exe and that didn't work as I was getting a C language core dump basically. 
Saturday 26
Marcy, Anne, and Andy for dinner.  Met with the CEO of MediMundi, Steve, earlier in the day at Flying Star.  Big blowout in my head over lying to the dinner table about the fact that I voted for someone who I actually didn't vote for just to get a reaction from people.  This is not cool, went on a walk with Anne to discuss why I was doing this.
Sunday 27
After several days of testing Shindig, we got a new build to work under Maven on Windows.
Monday 28
Leave for T or C.  Drop off recycles and then head to T or C.  Lunch at a great new Italian restaurant there run by the owner by the name of Byron.  Hot tub late in the day.
Tuesday 29
Breakfast at the Sierra.  Walk over to the Trading Post, Donna is selling the place for $265K, the book store is going for $250K.  Drive to Silver City, stop by Bayard for tortillas and the Albertson's for groceries.  Then on to Peter's house for a nice dinner of chicken, rice and salad.
Wednesday 30
Went to Peter's farm in the morning, then lunch at the restaurant that used to be the gas station for lunch.  Walk around town after lunch.  We had a party Wednesday night at Peter's house with Naava, the kids, Steff and Theresa, and Mike and Meegan.  It was a really nice party with some great food.


May
Thursday 01
Mellow day at home in the morning while Peter worked at the farm all day.  Late in the afternoon we went over to Naava's and hung out there for awhile.  Then home for a brief dinner and then to the brew pub to hang out with Steff, Peter, and I met Cody for the first time.  Then Mike and Meegan's for tea and hang out with Mike's friend Rex, James the landscape guy, and the Meegan's friend who has a house in Peru.
Friday 02
Beautiful day.  Peter and Hb went to Andy's and I walked back from the farm to Peter's house.  Met Britton and he turned me on to how his three wheeler bike worked.  Then to Steff's house to hang out for a little while.  Hb and I went for a walk up Artcher Road and around the hill back down to Peter's.
Saturday 03
Breakfast at Peter's.  Drive over the mountains to T or C.  Hb did a hot tub and I walked over to the fiesta.  Lunch at Cafe Bella Luca, 303 Jones St, 575-894-9866.  Ice cream milk shake in Los Lunas, then SunFlower Market for shopping.
Sunday 04
Worked outside on rocks during the morning and early afternoon.  Nice dinner with Andy and Hb of Hb's famous dressing and gravy.  Andy bought a splitter for our phone system which appears to be working just fine now.
Monday 05
All day on Google Gadgets.  Spoke to Martin Sommer in the evening, very nice chat.
Tuesday 06
All day on Google Gadgets, spoke to Dad during the day.
Wednesday 07
Allied and Acas not as bad as it could have been.  Talked to Elaine Lintecum from McClatchy as we are scaling up that investment.  Continued work on understanding google gadgets by looking at tabs.  Nice chat with Andy after breakfast before starting out my day of work.  He is finishing up Rand's ramada outside in his garden.
Thursday 08
Send off proposal to Steve Searfoss from Medimundi.
Friday 09
Discover the gmaps-samples late in the day, and will fire up the learning curve on this stuff Monday morning.
Saturday 10
Party at David and Susan Gutt's along with their neighbors for the annual Placitas Studio Tour get together.
Sunday 11
Studio tours in the afternoon.  Mop the house in the morning.
Monday 12
Start working on Google's Map API.  The first example I played with are companies in Silicon Valley and their stock prices data pulled from the Spreadsheet along with a box showing where the company is located.  This is actually a very good example depicting different google technologies.  Made some nice banana bread in the evening.  Respond back to Steve Searfoss from MediMundi regarding the proposal that I sent him.
Tuesday 13
Got an email from Steve Searfoss regarding me entering data on their website.  More work on Google Maps, close to finishing up the stock map and looking at the election sample.  Long walk in the morning, Hb dropped me off at the post office and I walked back home along the ridge that parallels Las Huertas Creek, then dropped down into the creek, lovely...
Wednesday 14
Right off the bat cleaned out and organized my p folder, had not done this since I got home from Ecuador.
Thursday 15
More work on Google Maps, kml, Google Earth, etc...  It rained all day here.
Friday 16
I accept Steve's offer to work at Medimundi.  Continue working on Google Maps and then switch back to spending more time understanding JQuery.
Saturday 17
Starting to understand closures in javascript and how JQuery utilizes this interesting aspect of functional programming.  Went for a nice long walk in the morning with puppy.  We then went to Eilene's neighbors house in Corrales for an art fair and I met and spoke with Tom who was a rancher from Cimarron.  Then on to Santa Fe, Starbucks, the Monroe Gallery, and finally to Chaz's housewarming party out there off Sawmill road.  We saw Tim, who I hadn't seen for a long time.  Also, met a naturopathic physician Wendy Van Dilla who is into Contra dancing.  All and all, Hb and I had a very nice evening.
Sunday 18
Mellow day at home doing some house cleaning and reviewing JQuery plugins and how they work along with a better understanding of closures and prototypes in javascript.
Monday 19
Worked all day on understanding FSNM better and analyzing other stocks in the regional banking category according to certain categories.
Tuesday 20
Meeting with Steve Searfoss to sign the paper work for Medimundi.  Did some errands, post office, bank then over to Rand's for awhile to hang out.  Checked out the ramada Andy built for him over the past month.  Then went to the SunFlower Market and then home.  Picked up (3) books at the library, Rushdie's Satanic Verses, Stranger in a Strange Land and a Graham Greene book.
Wednesday 21
Began working on Medimundi paragraphs for countries and procedures.
Thursday 22
Spoke to Brian on the phone for the first time since I have been back from Ecuador.  Started working on Google Base and understanding how it works.  Walk late in the day from Hb's Yoga studio.  Cold, rainy, snowy day in late May in central NM is absolutely gorgeous.
Friday 23
Starting to understand Google Base, got housing and jobs up and running.
Saturday 24
Mellow Memorial Day weekend, spent some time on the country research for mm. Also, typed in all of my Spanish word from Ecuador and am beginning to understand the importance of root words in the Big Red vocabulary book.
Sunday 25
Tamaya all day, went on a hike down near the Bosque. Read the NYT and had some free Indian Bread.
Monday 26
Pam's house with Joe, Glenn, and Pam's brother Bud who was in town.
Tuesday 27
Worked on new version of the Zrato web site.  Walk from Michele's yoga class.  An initial hour long talk with Casey for introductions and discuss where we are at with Medimundi prior to our meeting on Friday evening.
Wednesday 28
Start the day off working on the procedures for Mm, then move on to looking into getting the Google samples working for Google Base with PHP and Python which I successfully achieved.  Note, this required installing Python on my computer for the first time.  I had never had Python installed on any of my computers my whole life until this particular day.
Thursday 29
More work for Mm on procedures and countries.  Spoke to Ty and it looks like the well across the street is done.  They hit water at 420 feet without much problem.  This was the day that I made a HUGE break through with Google Gears to understand how it is used and a major solution to my problem.
Friday 30
More work on the Medimundi document for 2 countries and 2 procedures.  Walk with Roy at 2:30pm.  Over to library afterward and walk for about one half hour.  Dinner at Cici's pizza, business meeting with Casey, Robert, Steve, and Chris.  Afterwards I went over to the Sunflower Market.
Saturday 31
Garden tour with Sue, Diana, Glen, and HoneyBun.  Afterwards we had lunch at Sophia's, and then we went back to Diana's house to hang out with Glen for the afternoon.  We didn't get back home to about 7:30pm.
June
Sunday 01
Mellow day at home.
Monday 02
This week will go down in the history books as the week I started working with PHP, php.  Up until this point, I have wanted to - but never had the opportunity or the desire or the real motivation to start messing around with PHP.  This is why I like it...  Because the Apache Server is always running and I simply load up the PHP in the browser and I am off and running.
Tuesday 03
Gabe comes out to the house for the evening, and he and I go for a nice walk to see the horses.  Starting to fire up understanding Shindig on the PHP side.  Got turned on to the PHP debug system called xdebug, which turns out to be very nice.
Wednesday 04
Major work on Shindig PHP, php.  Walk with Gabe in the early afternoon over to the horses.  Hb goes to Diana's house for dinner.
Thursday 05
Started working on getting Partuza up and running.
Friday 06
Got Partuza up and running and starting to dive into how it works.
Saturday 07
Blow out my fuel line in town due to hot temperatures and stupidity on my part by topping off my gas tank.  Guess I won't do that again.  Also, saw the movie the Kite Runner which was one of those stories/movies that can truly transform your life, and it did, see attached pt.
Sunday 08
Mellow day at home, went for a walk in the morning and then helped Hb clean the house.
Monday 09
Created a patch file to make Partuza work with Image Gd instead of ImageMagick
Tuesday 10
Huge progress on PHP, actually did a much more in depth patch for Image.php for the Partuza system.  I finally got this stuff figured out late in the evening, and it was a struggle to get all of this stuff correct.
I am feeling that I understand PHP pretty well.  It is certainly a lot simpler than Javascript, and very similar to Java. Continuing to work on Medimundi procedures and countries.  Tonight Steve told me just to work on countries for now.  Also, spoke to Scott who is living in Las Cruces at Sylvia's house.  She has been up in Fort Collins for years as her mom is elderly and she is taking care of her.
Wednesday 11
Thursday 12
My car saga continues and with it come the lessons I need to learn.  Michele took me to Toyota this morning to pick up my car, I thought just draining the fuel would work.  Wrong, I did to have the whole job done.  As I was waiting for the shuttle to arrive I met a black older gentleman by the name of Bobby.  He told me that life was not about yourself.  That life was about helping other people, thats why you are here on the planet, not to satisfy your desires, but to help other people out there in the world who are not as fortunate as you are.  In a nutshell, I believe this one statement will change the way I think in life.  It was not until I am 47 years old, and ready to hear this message and integrate it into my life that I will continue to make progress.  Good luck, once again you are going to need it.
Friday 13
Here we are Friday the 13th, and not such a lucky day for me.  Last night Marcy dropped a bombshell on Michele by telling her basically he doesn't want to hang out with me anymore and that basically he doesn't think Michele should be with me.  I have been living in some interesting times.  Also, Hb and I today rode down to Belen and Los Lunas for her work.  I walked into a bar in downtown Belen and there was Kevin Adkins.  He didn't recognize me at first, but then was basically shocked to see me.  I walked over to where the RailRunner was and saw the current terminus of the future heart of New Mexico's Railway system.  Michele and I had a nice lunch in Belen and met Enrique, the owner of the restaurant and we discussed the current drug chaos in Mexico.  He grew up in Grants/Milan and recently moved to Belen to start his third restaurant.  We got an opportunity to speak a bit of Spanish.  Then Hb and I headed over to UNM Valencia campus and hung out in the library till 5pm, I read Frank Tannenbaum's book called Ten Keys to Latin America, 1962, Alfred A Knopf, Inc.  Then we drove back to town and had hamburger's at Rands with Ken and Julie.  Sima was heading out to Costa Rica on Tuesday.
Saturday 14
The Range for breakfast and then over to the Tamaya for the Indian Arts Festival.  I hung out and read the paper and had a nice chat with Frank and Terry from Hopi and Gary from Acoma.  Then Hb and I went by Toyota to pick up my car -- I blew out the fuel line and ended up costing me $850.  More work on my new website and Hb went over to Pam's for a sweat.  I had a nice evening by myself.
Sunday 15
Breakfast with Roy and Laura at the Range, it was Father's Day so we had to wait a bit.  Then up to Santa Fe to see Bruce Norman for the afternoon.  Did a nice walk down to Downtown Subscription from the Monastery where Bruce was having his photo workshop.  Then Whole Foods for dinner, and a nice pleasant evening to drive back from Santa Fe in the summer.  Chris applied my Image patch on Partuzza so its official, I got a real code patch in the door on a sanctioned Google project.  Keep up the good work.
Monday 16
Major progress on understanding CSS, more work will be done tomorrow too, in the context of understanding the CSS for Partuza.  All of this is motivated by my desire to build my website for Zrato.  Today, I also started looking at the Google App Engine, yesterday I got the SMS message on Hb's cell phone to enable me to start working on the App Engine.  More work on Partuza and how it works and integrates with Shindig.
Tuesday 17
Lots more work on Partuza and Shindig and understanding the RESTful Api.  This was the day that I released my final Image.php file off to Chris Chabot, so I finished off this project for now but I am not yet done with PHP as you will see later on in August I pick back up doing massive work on CMS based systems.
Wednesday 18
Bruce comes to our house for dinner and took some shots of me along with showing us a slide show of his trip to Africa.  Wow, it was fantastic.
Thursday 19
Realization that the concept behind Google's Big Table, AppEngine and their data store API are huge.  Also, much progress on the Open Social API work.
Friday 20
Shipped off a draft copy of Mexico to Steve at Medimundi.  Spent lots of time late in the evening understanding Bigtable and the Google's Data Store model.
Saturday 21
Hang out all day at home cleaning the house and relaxing.  At the end of the day I went for a long walk north to the BLM and then circled back through the Open Space.
Sunday 22
Hb and I had breakfast at the Range and then we went over to the Tamaya to read the Sunday paper.
Monday 23
Driving towards finishing up the website and starting to look into GAE, Google App Engine.
Tuesday 24
Dinner with Patrick at Flying Star in Bernalillo, two hour walk prior all around Bernalillo.  He went on a really nice hike in the Pecos Wilderness last weekend and sent me some nice pictures.  Earlier in the day I FINALLY finished my website after two or three weeks of hemming and hawing about getting it done.  I finally settled on the simple one page website with tabs in it, its a really nice clean simple design.  I even sent out some letters to folks looking for a job.
Wednesday 25
Early morning walk with Hb.  Got the code-review package from Guido at Google working on my local box so I can see the overall structure of how the Google App Engine works.  Long talk with Mother about life.
Thursday 26
Working on the Processing language.  Another day of talking to Mom about life.
Friday 27
Working on getting the Yahoo logger set up to work with JSON data coming back from Google Spreadsheets.  Also, looking into how to deal with printing and viewing JSON data.
Saturday 28
Andy for dinner, he is staying at Arturo Chavez's house.  Earlier in the day we cleaned and studied some Spanish.
Sunday 29
Hike with Ken, Julie, Jim, Jackie, and Brady up in the Sandia Wilderness.  Lunch at Ken's house afterward then stop by Whole Foods for bread.  Lovely evening of rain and sun as we head into July.
Monday 30
Begin work on understanding how RPC works so that I can store my data in the datastore that I pull from the Google Spreadsheet.  This is the final day of the first half of my diary, I am going to switch over to part II, tomorrow.  However, before I go let me say a few things.  One, the stock market is really tanking and so we are living in some interesting times.  I came across a new company called CSE run by a pretty interesting CEO.  I am finally starting to understand how the Google App Engine works after looking at it for about one week, my first foray will be John Resig's Processing code.  Hb and I have been going for nice early morning walks.  Mom and Dad has their 50th wedding anniversary 10 days ago.  I am enjoying being home in Placitas and working away like a busy little beaver.  Roy is a good guy and a nice friend of mine.  I spoke to David Kleiman on his birthday the other day, we had a nice chat.  Ok, that it for the first half of 2008.  The final comment is, you were extremely lucky to have the opportunity to spend 3 months in
Ecuador.  Can't believe we have been back for three months.
2008
This is part II, July - December
July
Tuesday 01
Lots of time spent on understanding django.  Went through their book to see how things are all tied together.
Wednesday 02
Ingrid Betancourt is free after six years.  Major work on Django and understanding their templating and form system.
Thursday 03
Begin getting data from spreadsheet and populating the datastore data structures.
Friday 04
Went out to Jemez Springs to hang out with Joe, Glyn, Pam, Betty, and Melita.  Joe had his 50th anniversary for his business so he gave away hats, hot dogs, and other assorted goodies.  Afterwards we stopped by Joe's house for the first time and checked it out.
Saturday 05
Rand came over around 2pm for an early dinner.  We watched a video that Tessie made about Rand's father who Rand interviewed in 1991.
Sunday 06
Mellow day at home.  Did some work on using Python to pull the URL from Google Spreadsheets.
Monday 07
Got the parsing working from JSON to Python Dictionaries.  In the evening I looked at the way Datastore works locally and how, why, and where the datastore file goes as you create local storage on your own box. This is very interesting stuff --- and a deeper foray into two things.  One, how Python works as a programming language and two, how the GAE (Google App Engine) works.
Tuesday 08
Hb and I have been going on early morning walks now for a couple of weeks and one thing I discovered this morning on the walk was that in life the more foreign languages you know the better, and the same is true for programming languages if you are a professional computer programmer like myself.  Especially if you have the time, then its well worth it.  In the case of Python, there is a demand for the language skills and a need to understand in order to get the AppEngine going.
Wednesday 09
Finally, after a full day yesterday of racking my brain on how the datastore writes data to a file and then trying to view the data in the web viewer and not seeing the data, I figured out this morning how to just read the data back out of the file and see it.  There could possibly be a bug in the viewer and thats why its not able to see the file, not sure, but the key point is this stuff is working.  On another front, Google yesterday released Protocol Buffers as an Open Source project.  Clearly, this was motivated by the AppEngine work I would believe, this is another major piece of IP that Google is putting out there into the world.  James came over to fix the batch heater on the roof by turning the correct valves open and closed.  We had a nice long talk to about noon.  The clouds and the sky were gorgeous, and it was lovely summer day with the touch of autumn in the air, or that summer clouds.
Thursday 10
More work on Google App Engine stuff, nice early morning with Honeybun. We have been going on walks every morning.
Friday 11
Meeting at Cici's pizza with Medimundi folks, SunFlower market afterwards.  Library prior to meeting, got a book on Pancho Villa.
Saturday 12
Prasant, Joan, David, and Susan Gutt for dinner.  Placitas flea market in the morning, Michele found her car.
Sunday 13
Mellow day at home working on Processing stuff, I think I am getting it.  After months of struggle with Hb after returning from Ecuador we call it quits on our relationship and mutually decide to be friends, not lovers.  We have been driving towards this decision for months since we have been back but I don't think I got it in my head that it was really over, and there is life on the other end of the rainbow.
Monday 14
Started working on John Resig's implementation of the canvas element in Mozilla, this will be part of HTML five, and is already in the spec.
Tuesday 15
Stephen Landau comes over for dinner.  We had a nice chat, had dinner and then went for a walk down into the Arroyo.  He is having some problems, and may need a hip replacement.  He graduated from Rabbinical school on June 1, after a 5 year program.  He left Albuquerque in Jan 2003 started rabbinical school in autumn 2003 and graduated in the first class spring 2008.  The first six months he was in Israel studying Hebrew.  Bob Levin died July 19, 2005 he would have been 86 years old on July 24, 2005 and was born on July 24, 1919.  I told Stephen how much of a loss it had been for me.
Wednesday 16
Spoke to Dad for his birthday, Hb leaves for Montana early in the morning, but first we went for our walk.  Lots of time understanding Javascript better in reference to the John Resig canvas implementation.
Thursday 17
Nice walk late in the day with puppy out in the open space.
Friday 18
More work on Javascript arrays and understanding how to pass them.
Saturday 19
Nice cover letter for VP Engineering and CTO job, looks pretty good.  More work on Mexico and Italy for Medimundi.
Sunday 20
Walk with Roy at Flying Star in Corrales then shopping at SunFlower.  Scott was going to come down from Santa Fe but he changed his mind -- so I had a nice afternoon hanging out at home with puppy.  Talked to Joe Lindsay and Charlie Lyon on the telephone.
Monday 21
I awoke this morning rejuvenated and happy about where I am at in my life and the path I am taking forward.  Getting my job searching scene together is a number one priority along with rolling on with my javascript.  Very late in the day I finally got handles working -- this took me a whole week.
Tuesday 22
Looking into more canvas work after getting handles working last night.
Wednesday 23
Michele's plane is delayed on her way home.  Taking a look at MooTools and how they integrate in the canvas element.  It looks like MooTools and the MooCirclePack is my ticket to a very nice architecture with the Canvas element which is what I was looking for now that I got the handle working Monday.  It took me a week to get the handle example working -- but it was worth it, because it really made me dive into Javascript.  Now with a nice new architecture in place, I may be able to drop John Resig's Processing code and then back fill things I need from it into the new architecture, we will see how things play out.  Hb didn't get home till 11pm, so I went to bed late.
Thursday 24
First day back for Hb and I continued working on my stuff.
Friday 25
Skipped out on Jim Palmer's moon party, but Hb went for a short time and then had dinner at Diana's.  I worked on more Javascript stuff which is going very well.
Saturday 26
Went into town and had breakfast at Sophia's.  Bought a USB external hard drive and got it up and running at Office Max.  Went by the new SunFlower Market on Lomas for the first time.  Lady deliverd wood to us, we got two really nice cords of good wood.  It was cloudy and rainy all day.
Sunday 27
Long talk with Peter about plans for my future and he has settled on a couple for the farm for the next growing season.  Hb and I watched a movie called Silk that wasn't very good.
Monday 28
Get my Latin American resume and cover letter together.  Work on Spain for Mm.  Got number of circles working for MooCirclePack.
Tuesday 29
Searched for hours until I finally found the font4canvas which has the ability to draw font characters purely in the Canvas model which after much consternation is what I figured I needed and wala it was there on google code.  Very cool...
Wednesday 30
Breakthrough day -- used the font4canvas discovery from yesterday to write labels on my moopackcircles today.  The incredible breakthrough was discovering the ctx.save() and ctx.restore() functionality.  Went for a nice walk in the evening and Stephen Landau called me upon my return from the walk to discuss forgiveness based on an earlier conversation we had when he was out here earlier in the month.
Thursday 31
Starting to work on getting data from the spreadsheet and parsing out the json data.
August
Friday 01
Went up to Santa Fe for Arturo's art opening at Gerald Peters.  Scott has dinner with Pam, Hb and I at Cowgirl.  I saw Keith there and we are going to email each other.
Saturday 02
Andy comes over for breakfast.
Sunday 03
Mellow day at home after working on the wood in the morning and going for a walk.
Monday 04
Tuesday 05
Early morning cloudy day walk, saw George out on the trail with his dog.  Today I will start back into working on Django and the whole Google App Engine world after a break while I was getting the Html Canvas stuff going.  Here is a bit of history on the work I have done up till now as far as bringing all of this information together.  On Sunday June 15, I got the SMS message from Google that enabled me to start creating AppEngine stuff.  On Thursday June 19 the light went on in my head that the BigTable tied in with the Google App Engine stuff is going to be huge, and that eliminating the need for an Object Relational Mapping Layer (ORM) or hibernate greatly reduces the complexity of the software stack.  Also, in perusing the web I am noticing that there is a resurgence of products and ideas in the area of object databases and more specifically the concept of scaling object databases across multiple machines.  On Wednesday June 25 I got Guido's Rietveld app up and running on my machine, diving further into the world of GAE.  I worked on all of the GAE stuff through the first two weeks in July.  The culmination of my work on GAE was getting my code to talk to the datastore independent of the web server.  I was able to read and write data to the datastore, which was a huge win.  For the remainder of July and into early August (now) I was working on John Resig's Processing code for the Html Canvas and then onto the MooCirclePack implementation on the Html canvas.  I am now back into the GAE and will tie the GAE and the Html Canvas work together now and deploy my first GAE.  You will not that Google upped the number of applications from three to ten earlier in the month, and this is a huge step for me as it will enable me to deploy more apps without having to resort to doing another whole SMS account thingie.
Wednesday 06
Understanding Django well in correlation with Rietveld including how the template files inherit from the base.  First time learning about Mechanical Zoo, I may have a call with them tomorrow.  More understanding of how the proxy works in open social and why you need it so the client can talk to the server and then the server talks to the other web site.
Thursday 07
More work on the Htmlcanvas.  Got the CirclePack working inside of the GAE.
Friday 08
Spoke to Peter early in the morning about Mitchell B Smith having committed suicide.  Then had a 10am call from Max Ventilla CEO of a company called the TheMechanicalZoo.  More time on getting Portfolio keys into the datastore.  Really nice evening meal over at Joan and Prashant's house.  It was our first time over there and we had a great time.  I really like David, Susan, Prashant, and Joan, they are quality people and my idea of the types of people I like hanging out with.
Saturday 09
I learned a lot from yesterday's talk with Max and also Peter's comment on following what is in your heart and don't sway from the feeling.  My general hit on my conversation with Max and his company is a BIG thumb's down, although he probably has the same feeling as me.  But anyway, it gives me some direction on where I should be focusing on my job search.  Hb and I went to the Flea Market, we love doing that and then went into town to pick up a flat screen monitor at Costco with Sue.  I then did some errands and then on to the Sun Flower Market for some food.
Sunday 10
Mellow day at home, Hb went to the Tamaya for Mania's party for Cass's two year death party.  Hb and I tried to put together a desk but decided to put it back in the box and return it to Office Depot.  I basically finished off the wood today by stacking it in long narrow rows.  It took Hb and I several weeks to figure out how we wanted it took look, but now its stacked and done.
Monday 11
I finished up the portfolio add/delete on the python unit test side and am now moving on to Django forms.
Tuesday 12
Lots of reading on Django forms and in general their documentation.  Finishing up the financial earnings call quarterly season as most earnings hit around Aug 5 of last week.
Wednesday 13
Border's and Whole Foods prior to meeting with Medimundi folks.  After reading over the Columbia Travel Guides and having read Evan Belknap's Central America when we watched Ruby, I am less likely immediately to jump off and go BACK down to Latin America right away, but instead get a nice job here in the US working on the stuff I have been doing since returning from Ecuador.
Thursday 14
Making progress on Django via the Rietveld example and driving my app further along.
Friday 15
Did some paper work errands around the house.  First phase of htmlcanvas in good shape, actually seeing the data on the screen for groups and portfolios.
Saturday 16
Got the portfolio keys tied into the circle packing page so that now I can add portfolios in the admin page and see them show up in the circle packing page. Long talk with Peter about life, Mitch, Hb, and doing the work I need to do to move forward in my life.  Later in the day I correlated that with doing the work to make Latin America happen in my mind.
Sunday 17
Early morning walk with Roy at the Flying Star.  I am coming to the realization that going back down to Latin America is clearly the call and that focusing on making it happen is what needs to be done.  This is really the first day that it is becoming clear to me as to what to do.
Monday 18
First day of applying to jobs in Latin America.
Tuesday 19
Apply to lots of jobs in Latin America, major push for applying for jobs.  Nice talk with Mother and told her about my plans, and she sounded very cool with it in general.
Wednesday 20
More progress on htmlcanvas and got images integrated into the core website.  You can now save your circlepack pictures for later use and in presentations.  Massive clean up of htmlcanvas, getting the site ready to go.  Once that is complete I may go back to the drawing board on MooCirclePack and figure out how things are working better to be able to turn on/off the gravity.  This will be OK, because I am going to wait to deploy until Django 1.0 is released, and then hopefully Google will put on a new version of AppEngine.  On the job front things are really coming together on what the strategy should be.  Clearly, I am ready to go out in the world and get a job, and look at opportunities mainly in Latin America, but also possible things here too, if its a great opportunity.  In the meantime, I need to start focusing on the BDC structure and data analysis/visualization. All in all, things have taken a turn for the better in my life with the recent committment to looking for work in Latin America as one of the tenets to going forward.
Thursday 21
Wages in Latin America are going to be pretty minimal, and the telecommuting route looks to be taking off in a big way now, so that is something to consider.  Also, looking into travel expenses to different parts of Latin America including Buenos Aires and Spain.  FYI, just for the record books our plane tickets to Guayaquil, Ecuador from LAX on January 11, 2008 were $490.80.
Friday 22
Looks like PHP is huge and this is the place to be working, not in Java.  Also, Python and Django is another interesting hot bed of technology.
Saturday 23
Deciding to start re-focusing back on PHP looking into Drupal, Joomla and WordPress as three test systems of understanding.  Found out that Plone and Zope are both CMS systems written in Python.  It was not as clear to me as it is now that if you want to be developing web sites on the internet the clear choice is PHP, and obvioulsy NOT Java.  In the past I have asked various people the question, "If you were designing a new web site today from scratch, what programming language would you choose ?"  In the past for me it was not that obvious what the answer was.  Clearly, Java is not the way to go for a whole host of reasons.  Today, PHP is the obvious choice based on the number of deployed systems out there in the market place.  I would say for now, that Python is probably the number two choice and Ruby on Rails is making lots of headway.  But Java ain't it !  Right now I am very impressed with WordPress out of the three (3) most popular CMS systems.
Sunday 24
Early morning ride over the mountain from Placitas to the top of the ski basin road.  Rode over to Paako, Roger Cox is 78 years old and is selling Paako for around 52 million dollars, there are about 1,000 lots left.  Original lots 17 years ago were around 50k, now they are selling for around 200k, about the price of a nice lot in Placitas.  Similar prices to land in NM when Michele bought her land out here 15 years ago.  And the prices today are similar.  Over to Whole Foods and Border's to read about Monterrey and South Texas.  Then to the Tamaya, met Hb to hear a really nice jazz concert.
Monday 25
Big day on the PHP front.  Spent some time reviewing WordPress and then jumped into Drupal.  By the end of the day I had the basic architecture figured out.  Michelle Obama gives a nice speach, see she did a really good job.
Tuesday 26
Major progress on Drupal, starting to understand how it is architected.
Wednesday 27
Started working on understanding Joomla, got through to the point where I understand how articles are tied to the actual pages they sit on.
Thursday 28
So, here we are day four (4) into understanding the three major PHP based CMS (Content Management Systems) and thing are going well.  We have been back from Ecuador now five months and over that time I have done lots of work.  I believe in a certain respect this might be the climax of the learning curve and we are now ready to put our skills to work literally by finding a job.  It took me this long to understand that on the web PHP is the ruler right now, with Java and Python sitting in the back row.  There may be some other Microsoft based frameworks but that is not where I am focusing so here we are ready to go out there and get a job based on PHP.  This morning I dealt with understanding how the website of Bride.com works after getting an email from Steve Kramer, steve@bride.com.  I called and spoke to a guy in Prague, Czech Republic and was asking him about whether Bride.com is a company I want to work for.  We had an interesting little chat as he is from Boston, is a music composer, and is doing the computer work on the side.  He lived in Rome prior to moving to Prague.  Barack Obama speech in Denver stadium to accept Democratic nomination.
Friday 29
More sending off resumes and finish up Joomla for now.
Saturday 30
Rainy, stormy day all day.  I sent off tons of resumes on Craigslist.
Sunday 31
Rand, Tessie, Sima, and Sue come over for a 3pm pizza, chicken soup and salmon dinner.  Rand and I go for a nice walk after dinner.
September
Monday 01
Nice early morning walk with Hb and then branch off up into the BLM land.
Tuesday 02
First day back to work after one day off.  Mad dash to talk to different people about jobs, this was not fun.
Wednesday 03
Started working for Richard at TrackStick on the YouTube application.  In the morning we cleaned up trash across from our neighbors and had a big pile of trash and then they showed up and allowed us to throw the whole load in the back of the truck.  This was a message from G-d.  Got a message from Hamid at Caltech.  This was my first note from Hamid and the start of the process with Caltech to get a job there.
Thursday 04
Started looking into the PHP framework symfony.
Friday 05
Spent half the day getting more and more into symfony and about 1pm in the afternoon I pulled the plug after briefly looking into CakePHP too.  Problem being was that the ORM layer in PHP is just not yet ready for prime time, and although symfony is very cool, I think I will wait for a couple of more releases until the ORM layer in PHP settles down to a extremely robust solution.  For now, I am going to stick with the simple partuza solution of MVC.
Saturday 06
Pretty good Saturday, Hb went with Diana to an Italian festival and I stayed home and worked on YouTube website.  I now understand the concept of mod rewrite in Apache and why the .htaccess file is key to be there in order for the system to work.
Sunday 07
More work on YouTube web site, Hb gave me a nice hair cut outside.  These early autumn days are so lovely in Placitas, I have loved my time here.  This place is as close to paradise as it gets.  And after getting out high speed internet access upon our return from Ecuador it has really made it a place I could live and never leave except to buy food.
Monday 08
More work on YouTube project, starting to understand better the MVC architecture in Partuza.
Tuesday 09
Talked to Bill, Hamid's friend in Seattle who worked on BioTapestry.  Hamid requests references for me, so I call Roy and Martin to give me a reference.
Wednesday 10
Hb and I pick up trash early in the morning after our walk and take the popcorn in bags over to Ty's garbage can.  Ty and Barb are out of town so Hb is feeding the fish and I am reading Ty's book Desert Solitaire by Ed Abbey, a marvelous book.  Afterward Hb and I go to Santa Fe and have a look around at some condos that Syl and Pat are thinking about buying, they are way out at the end of Cerrillos near the mall.  The condos are lovely and the lady who was selling them to us was an excellent sales lady.  Afterwards Hb and I have lunch at Pasquals.  Same owner for 29 years and the quality is as good today as it was the first time I stepped into that restaurant with Julie in November of 1985.  At that time, Julie and I had no clue we were moving to New Mexico.  In fact, it was my first time to New Mexico and we showed up there with shorts and Tshirts and it snowed, I will never forget that and we stayed at the El Dorado hotel.  Well here we are 23 years and Pasquals is still as good.  And so is the Monroe gallery, the photo gallery in Santa Fe.  I spoke to those guys too.  We walked around some more, over to a used book store near Sanbusco and I bought a book on Diego Rivera after hanging out at the book store for awhile.  We then went behind St. Johns to Wilderness gate and I went for a short hike up the Atalaya trail.  I will be back to NM again, don't worry.
Thursday 11
Big day for me filled with packing, making plane reservations to go back to Pittsburgh, speaking to Hamid for an hour about the project at Caltech, chasing down Michael Motoulewicz for another reference.  Hamid wants a reference from a boss of mine over the years.  Chasing down Roy and Martin for written references.  So it was a fun cloudy day.
Friday 12
Another major day of packing and getting rid of lots of my clothes.
Saturday 13
Party at Pam's house.  Spoke to Pam's sister Glynn about southern California.  We had a nice time at the party for Jeremy's birthday.  Mike and Gloria were there.
Sunday 14
Roy and I go for a walk from Flying Star in Corrales.  We had a really nice walk and Roy told me he will be sixty (60) years old this month.  It was the first time he told me how old he was.  Got home and Michele's friend Marilyn was here for the art opening they are having at Hb's house the day I leave for Pittsburgh.  Took clothes over to Jason and Rochelle's house first thing in the morning, dumping off a ton of stuff.
Monday 15
Dry run on packing up the car, took the remainder of stuff and put it into buckets which will be taken to Diana's house.  I optimized what I am taking to Ca. and it looks pretty good as I did a good job not taking too much stuff.
Tuesday 16
Finished up looking over all of the paperwork for Pasadena, and readying it to be moved to the shed upon my return from Pittsburgh.
Wednesday 17
Took all the buckets to Diana's house.  I got my teeth cleaned at Doctor Bell's at 9am.  On my walk prior to the cleaning I met a guy who was reading the water meters for the city of Albuquerque one by one.  Andy told me later in the evening that some people just want a mellow job where they don't really have to think and can just do their job in a simple way.  Michele was getting her air conditioner fixed in her car.  We had lunch at Il Vicino and then walked around Nob Hill.  We met Mark who had just opened a gallery there and he had stained his cement floor to make it look like wood.  It was very cool.  We walked into Hey Johnny the store, and just had an overall nice afternoon.  Andy was in town for a couple of nights and so we made stuffed Chiles for dinner, very yummy.
Thursday 18
Back to real work, getting ready to move out to Pasadena took me exactly one week from start to finish.  I started last Thursday and yesterday I delivered my buckets to ArcadianTrail.  Now I need to figure out how I am going to spend my time on work between now and my actual arrival in Pasadena.  Started working on data modeling and looking into different linear and non-linear techniques.  Dinner with Brad Harris at the Flying Star in Bernalillo, we had a very nice chat about life and work.  Obama happened to be at the Range in Bernalillo today also.
Friday 19
Got the job at Caltech today.  Lisa Franklin called me at 12:30pm when I was on the phone talking to Mom and Dad, and Dad was giving the phone to mother when I got the call.  So it is official, pretty crazy.  Got R installed on my machine and doing some basic vector math.  Globalquerque in the evening, Pam gave me a ride into town.  The show was awesome and we saw a bunch of people we knew.  One more night tomorrow night for the autumn season.
Saturday 20
Big blowout at the end of the night with Hb cause I wanted to stay till the end of the concert and watch the last act and Sue, Pam and Hb wanted to go home.  Second night of the concert wasn't that great, in fact two nights is too much.  If we went back next year we would ONLY do one night.
Sunday 21
Mellow day at home after going into town to take more stuff to my shed at Diana's house.
Monday 22
Back into town for a second day in a row to set up a brokerage account for my NM Llc plus add a savings account to my banking.
Tuesday 23
Researched and purchased a Dell computer for my lab at Caltech.
Wednesday 24
Major push into learning and understanding the R programming language.  Marilyn comes over to hang pictures for her art show on Saturday.  I told Marilyn I loved her when she left, she is an incredibly talented artist.
Thursday 25
Spent some time reviewing Biology and mathematical concepts in preparation for my job at Caltech.
Friday 26
Packed up for Pittsburgh and went for a nice walk through the open space late in the day.
Saturday 27
Get up at 6am, and fly across the country arriving in Pittsburgh at 6:30pm.  The flight out of Abq was spectacular was we flew right over the radio towers and was able to look down at Placitas.  Gorgeous flight out of Abq over the Sandias looking down over Placitas.  Dinner at Bravo near the airport.
Sunday 28
Iris and the kids come over in the afternoon and we hung out for about one hour.  Then Mother, Dad and I went to see an outside sculpture exhibit at the waterfront.  It was a lovely autumn day in western pennsylvania.  We came home and then walked over to the Union Grill for dinner. Iris, Elizabeth and David come over and we hang out.  Down to the waterfront for the sculptures by Brazilian artist.  Dinner at the Union Grill, we walked over there and walked home on a lovely autumn evening.
Monday 29
Went over to CMU and studied in the Engineering library Molecular Biology of the Gene by Watson, Hopkins. Services Monday night, saw Leslie Bondy and other sundy characters.
Tuesday 30
More services and then the bank box to clear it out.  Went for a really nice long walk finally ending up at Chatam College which is very nice.  Had a nice talk with John Miller in the evening.


October
Wednesday 01
Services for Day 2 of Rosh Hashanah.  Saw Mrs. Berk.  Downtown McKeesport to go by the store and check it out.  Walk around CMU late in the day.  Yesterday was gorgeous and warm, today was cloudy and chilly on my walk.  I cut the walk early and went home.  I went to sleep really early like at 7am as I was exhausted from the day and the wearing of the change in environment.
Thursday Oct 02
Iris's house for the day.  We had a nice chat, lunch at her house and then a walk around the Galleria.  Upon my return home I went for a walk up to Pitt and back.
Friday 03
Meeting with John Miller at 10am and then over to the library to read about chromosomes.  Dinner at Lidia's in the strip, very nice.
Saturday 04
Early morning at the library and then we had lunch at Green Oaks, it was my first time out there.  Went for a lovely walk late in the day -- autumn in Pittsburgh is splendid.
Sunday 05
Spent the day at Iris's house.  Lunch when I got there of pizza bagels, then Larry, David and I went to the library.   Larry got me the book "Your Inner Fish" by Neil Shubin.  Then we went for a nice walk around the block and had filet steak for dinner, yummy.  Iris took me home around 8pm.
Monday 06
Bike ride with Dad along the river.  Robert Levin comes over for dinner.
Tuesday 07
Class with Daddy on Hype in the media at CMU, then the museum for the entire afternoon to see the International.
Wednesday 08
Up at 5am, at the bus by 6:30am.  Nice flight across country.  Met a woman who knows Barack Obama and a guy who is a computer scientist in Chicago with some ideas on electronic voting.  Diana's house to get some stuff for trip plus went by the bank.
Thursday 09
Firday day back at the ranch was pretty rough.  That ol transition thing got to me once again.  Went for a walk in the morning with Hb and in the evening with puppy.  It was nice to be back in New Mexico.
Friday 10
Another windy day, stayed inside all day.  Hb left for the airport at 5:30am so I woke her up at 4:30am.  Worked all day on Python and looking into mathematical concepts.
Saturday 11
Really windy day so stayed inside all day and worked on Markov Models and HMM.  Also, began looking at BioPython which motivated me to dive into Markov Model's since it has some cool tests to work with.  Spoke to Michael Berkowitz and Michael Atkinson.  Atkinson sent me an email telling me that Berk was in the hospital because he had stomach problems with his colon.  Up late working on BioPython, HMM, and reading my brand spanking new Biochemistry book by Garrett and Grisham.  This book in incredible, its rare you find a book that is so excellent to read.  I have found two excellent books since coming back from Pittsburgh.  The other one is the book by David Mackay called Information Theory, Inference and Learning Algorithms.
Sunday 12
Started off the morning reading my Bio Chemistry book and did some cooking for lunch.
Monday 13
Hb came over from California very late in the day.  Gorgeous sunny day, vacuumed, did my laundry and packed my boxes to ship off to California.  Saw Pam and James who were working on building a studio for our neighbors down the hill and back up the hill.
Tuesday 14
Rainy, cloudy, very chilly day, in contrast to yesterday. Worked on python version of HMM and Viterbi algorithm.  Also, got my stuff together to ship off the boxes to Pasadena, along with organizing clothes further and put remaining stuff in a bucket to take over to Diana's shed.  Spoke to Stephen Landau, walk late in the day.  Autumn is truly here and winter is on its way.
Wednesday 15
Big day, got everything together in town.  Including bank, PO, shopping, Diana's, sdb, recycle, dental floss.  In the evening I spoke to Steve Brodeur.  He moved into his house officially Sep 1, 2008.
Thursday 16
Probability theory and Bayes.
Friday 17
More work on Bayes Theorem.  Also,  did some packing up of my room.
Saturday 18
Mike and Megan come over for dinner and we have a Thanksgiving dinner of turkey and dressing Hb style.  Walk after dinner down to the sweat and around the block.  Cleaned house earlier in the day.
Sunday 19
Mellow day at home.  I found a place to live in Pasadena for the first week.  Hb and I went for a nice afternoon walk up to the mailboxes.
Monday 20
Gorgeous early morning walk up on Indian Flats.  Met some guys who told me one of the wells up there is pumping ONLY four gallons a minute.  Meanwhile, there is a new paved road in there slated to build another fifty homes at least.  Uploaded music and worked on Bayes Theorem, I am starting to understand this stuff.
Tuesday 21
Pack car and do more online music.  Hb bought a New Mexico hat as a nice going away present.
Wednesday 22
Final day at home.  Spoke to Berk early in the day.  Did some laundry and tidied things up for my big departure tomorrow.  Went for a very nice early morning walk with Hb, then around the upper loop, at the end of the walk I said goodbye to Vicki.  Last night I said goodbye to David and Susan Gutt, and Prashant and Joan.  Ty and Barb called me yesterday to say goodbye to me also.  And the final question remains, who are your friends.
Thursday 23
Drove to Silver City.  Left Hb's before 8:30am and was in Bayard buying tortillas and tamales by 1:30pm.  Got to Peter's went for a walk, took a shower and began reading Stewart Udall's book, "The Forgotten Founders".  He is an excellent writer.  Silver City is lovely, especially around Peter's house.  The drive down was very mellow and I listened to a couple of CD's that I recently burned at Hb's.  That proved to make the drive much more enjoyable.  And having backed up all that music on gmail will certainly allow me to have some really nice music going forward.  I love music, and you should be buying the songs you really like and then storing them on gmail, at least every once in a while.
Friday 24
Great day in Silver City.  Started out at the dump with Pedro, Steff, and Aiden, then over to the farm and walk home to Peter's on top of the hill.  Lunch w/ Peter and Steff downtown, then food shopping for tonights dinner.  Then Steff and I walk around the 2 acres on the other side of the creek and scheme about buying the property for $50K.  Dinner at Peter's with Steff's brother and wife Kathy along with Naava and the kids, and Steff.
Saturday 25
Spent some time downtown cruising around some different galleries.  Also did a ride out to the end of Little Walnut road and checked out the national forest.  Rode back into town through neighborhoods off Swan Road.  Bought some brown rice at the coop and came home and rested.
Sunday 26
Checked out Andy's house in Bayard.  Dinner at Steff's house and met his housemate Daniela, who was very cool.  We drank fresh wheat grass and had a beautiful fish dinner.  Earlier in the day we hung out at the farm and rapped about life.
Monday 27
Mellow day at home.  Did absolutely nothing, which was great.  I went for a walk early in the morning to the end of the pavement.  Then simply packed up the car and kicked back and relaxed.
Tuesday 28
Drove out to California.  Left Silver City at 3am and arrived on the other side of Tucson prior to the first light of day.  Had breakfast at the intersection of I8 and I10, then on to Yuma for gas.  Drove into Palm Springs around 1:30pm and arrived at the Alpine Gardens before 3pm.  Palm Springs is a lovely place.  For better or for worse I drove up the valley instead of coming up I10 at Indio.  But it gave me a chance to see what is going on.  I sat by the pool for about an hour then went across the street to Ralph's for some dinner.  After dinner I walked into downtown, and by the time I came home it was dark.
Wednesday 29
Had some breakfast at the motel and then on to Pasadena.  The drive was nice and it was a very sunny day with no traffic.  Arrived at my hotel, went for a short walk and checked in and took my stuff upstairs.  Then went over to Caltech.  Wow, what a lovely campus.
Thursday 30
Did some errands around the campus including getting a key to my office.  Also walked around the neighborhood towards Trader Joe's and Whole Foods.
Friday 31
My computer is up and running.  Wasted the rest of the day figuring out that my sound card doesn't work, this was extremely frustrating, oh well.
November
Saturday 01
Spent some time in my office reading the Sean B. Carroll article.  Also, spent some time looking for a place to live on Craigslist.
Sunday 02
Moved into my new house with Christine.  The morning was passing and she hadn't called me so I went over to look at another place and the guy John was kind of strange.  When I arrived back at my office almost immediately Christine had called me, and I decided to move in to her apartment.  Had a very nice dinner at the Mexican restaurant a couple doors down from America's Best Value Inn, the hotel I am staying for the first week.
Monday 03
Did all of the HR stuff for Caltech.  For lunch I went over to Home Depot and got some copies of keys and then had a lovely lunch at a nice small Mexican restaurant in the strip mall in front of Home Depot.  It was my first time venturing outside of my little village of Pasadena into the greater LA area after having arrived here on Wednesday October 29.  Met Hamid at 4:30PM in our office for the first time.  Walked home after dark, it was the first full day of Daylight Savings Time.
Tuesday 04
Took some more stuff over to the house.  Met with Hamid at 10am and we went over a bunch of stuff. Late in the day walked over to Trader Joe's to get some salad for dinner.  Tonight was my last night in the hotel, America's Best Value Inn.  Tomorrow night will be my first night in my new home in Pasadena.
Wednesday 05
Barack Obama wins !  This is a good day for America.  Spoke to Mom and Dad for the second time, after yesterday's fiasco with commentary on my choice of a place to live.  Met with Hamid at 10am to further discuss our research project.  Met with Ellen Rothenberg for the first time at 2:30pm, along with Hamid and Constantin.
Thursday 06
Hamid and I met this morning to discuss the project, strategies, and ways to move forward.  We went to a talk in the afternoon which wasn't very good on Biology etc...  I got RPy a python interface to R working on my machine.
Friday 07
Spent some time today thinking about how to get things going and realized I think I need an ajax request to talk to Python/R on the server.  Also, spent several hours unfortunately, getting the Apache Server to work with ModPy and also keep working with the different PHP stuff.
Saturday 08
Bus ride to Hollywood, and then out to UCLA campus.  Quite a day for me actually, it was my first time venturing out into LA land, and its quite a trip.
Sunday 09
Spoke to Hb early in the morning, we had a nice chat and she is helping me get through this time.  Wrote some emails, including one to Jaime, Nate Heck in Ecuador, and Wayne.  Actually went shopping to Trader Joe's and cooked for the first time at home.
Monday 10
Got Django up and running on your computer.  Did address changes, went to Big5, went to Target to get household items.  ACAS gets slammed on earnings announcement and discontinued dividend, wow.
Tuesday 11
Interesting day at Caltech starting out with Caltech 101, moving on to a very nice lunch at the Athena club, following by an incredible tour by John who started working at Caltech in 1960.  He retired several years ago and knew everything there was to know about Caltech.  The people working here love their job, that is a good sign.
Wednesday 12
Believe it or not, as I was walking over to Trader Joe's today I ran into Doyne on campus.  He was in town for a disertation defense I guess with one of his students.  Started getting into the Django book for the second time, after my first attempt when building my first GAE for HtmlCanvas.  Went to a talk on the Mars Phoenix Lander.
Thursday 13
More work on Django and Python.
Friday 14
Talked to Hamid in the morning.  Went to a talk in the evening by a woman researcher at JPL who was working on infrared telescopes.  She said the problems we are facing today are bigger than what our head can wrap around.
Saturday 15
Awesome day at the beach.  Lunch in Santa Monica, bought some raisin bread and read the NYTimes.
Sunday 16
Pasadena marathon was cancelled due to smoke in the air, and by noon it was pretty ugly with smoke.  I cleaned up my room and got everything put away.  In the afternoon, I went to a symphony at Caltech.  In the morning I learned from Hb that she had fractured her wrist by dancing too hard the night before at Brenda's daughter's wedding.  Hb was swinging around and accidentally fell on her own feet and had a major wipe out.
Monday 17
First time talking on Skype ever to Jeff.  Also, had a long talk with Peter earlier in the morning.  I am really starting to like living out here in LA, especially like the weather this time of year.  Later in the morning I spoke to Howard Krass over Skpe too.
Tuesday 18
Lots of work got done on matplotlib.  This was my first insight into why this stuff is important in Python for quickly generating out plots.
Wednesday 19
Three talks today on Hunger, Computer simulation of Galaxy Formation One Star at a time, and a talk by Erik Winfree on the basic building blocks of molecular computation.
Thursday 20
Erik Winfree's talk on molecular computing.  This talk was NOT as good as last nights talk.  More progress on dataplot.
Friday 21
Spoke to Hamid at 9:30am, and prior to that on Skype Howard Krass for my birthday, Howard is cool cause he is always there for me for my birthday.  Went to a talk at lunch on Amnesty International.
Saturday 22
All the way to the end of the Orange Line in the San Fernando Valley.  My first time ever there, and I hung out at Barnes and Noble for awhile checking out maps of the area.  Then I took the Orange line back a bit and hung out on Reseda at a Russian store for lunch then a short walk under 101 to Ventura Blvd.
Sunday 23
Up early to study Spanish and Biology.  Then came to the office and signed up for one year of Skype.  Today I spoke to Mom and Dad, Roy, Rand, and finally Iris.  Went home and went out for some dinner with Christine to go shopping and also bought some Chinese food.
Monday 24
Spoke to Peter first thing into the office.  Huge win at the end of the day after my 4:30pm walk around the block.  Discovered how the pdb debugger works, and this will set me free going forward with Python.
Tuesday 25
Starting to go for a walk at around 4pm just at dusk.  Looks like sun is setting in Pasadena this time of year about 10 minutes earlier than in Albuquerque which is around 4:40PM.
Wednesday 26
First time talking to R via Django, need a lot more testing.  Rained all day, went and got a second pair of my shoes at Big 5 and then went over to Target and bought a lamp at Plummers.
Thursday 27
CaltechY in the Central Park of Pasadena to play games with the kids and help feed the homeless.
Friday 28
Worked all day and went for a walk late in the day.
Saturday 29
Shopping at Super King Markets on the border of Pasadena and Altadena.  This was my first time to this grocery store.
Sunday 30
Nice walk around Huntington and the place I got my haircut.  Then walked around downtown LA.


December
Monday 01
Got my expense report together for my moving expenses.  Walked over to Trader Joe's for lunch.
Went to a talk by Richard C. Mulligan, professor of genetics at Harvard Medical School, on gene therapy, it was my first introduction to this most interesting field.
Tuesday 02
First day doing the poetry meetings with Kath Abela at 4:30pm in the afternoon.  Also, swung by the engineering library for the first time and really sat there and read a bit, especially their Wired issues.
Wednesday 03
More progress on getting files to upload, but not there yet.  Went to a lunch time talk at the Y on Skiing in southern California, very cool.
Thursday 04
Uploading files is starting to work in our system.  My cold is starting to feel better.
Friday 05
Spoke to Hamid and gave him an update on where we are at.  Also, wrote a python script which creates directories on the file system at arbitrary locations. Keanu Reeves shows up at Caltech to talk about his upcoming moving, they had a nice dinner outside before hand.
Saturday 06
Nice mellow day, hung out at the office.  Went to get my oil changed and bought a lamp for my room.  Spent some time in the library late in the day.
Sunday 07
Highland Park Parade, very fun.  Had some lunch in that neighborhood soon before the parade was over.  Got off at the Filmore stop and walked back to my office and called Hb.
Monday 08
All day science fest with Ellen, a very interesting day to say the least.
Tuesday 09
Early morning laundry.  Working on html div's instead of html tables.
Wednesday 10
Running from the law.  Lunch time walk around Arden.  Work on R functionality and reading in data.  Spent some time looking at the autoimmune system based on Monday's science fest with Ellen and Mary Yui.
Thursday 11
Went to see the movie in the evening on the "Day the Earth Stood Still", lousy movie, but it was a follow up to last Friday's gig.
Friday 12
Interesting day, especially the poetry reading.  Met some interesting folks and read my first poem to the group.  Afterwards went to the Biology Happy Hour, and then went to a talk at Vosloh at PCC on dark energy and dark matter.
Saturday 13
Signed up at the Huntington for a one year membership.  Also, spoke on the phone today to Mom and Dad, Iris, and Rand.  Larry finished up his work with Pradeep after 15 years of service.  Went for a walk after the Huntington passed my house all the way back up Walnut passed Lake and had a nice Mexican dinner.  Then back to the office before heading home.
Sunday 14
Nice mellow day at home reading some biology.  Then into school for a concert by a singer who was awesome.  She was young and in a purple dress and had a sore throat, and at the end apologized for being not up to snuff, but it was the best performance I ever saw, wow.
Monday 15
Walked to work in the rain with the gear I used when I was out in the wilderness or walking around the snow in Placitas.
Tuesday 16
Login is now working, now we have to do a create user.  Ellen meeting at 11:15, Marissa gave a talk on her research.  Long talk with Peter, he is going to northern NM next week.
Wednesday 17
Walked to work in the rain for the second time this week.  It rained all day, finally by the end of the day on my walk home the rain finally subsided.  Got "create user" working, it took all day to do this.  Went to the 99cents store on the way home, I like that store and got to talk to people in Spanish.  Abrelatas is the word for can opener.
Thursday 18
Major progress on user and cleaning up the code.  Went to KathAbela's Thursday evening for the first time.  The poetry reading was excellent and I wrote two poems on desert.
Friday 19
Picked up Kuby Immunology Third Edition.  This is the key book for me for now.  This is what I have been looking for, but didn't know it.  Spoke to Hamid.  Poetry at Caltech at 4:15pm.
Saturday 20
Sunday 21
Mellow day at home in the morning.  Then walked over to the corner of San Gabriel and Huntington via Lombardy.  Met a guy at the honey baked ham store who was volunteering and working for the church, he told me that honey sitting in boxes was very hot.  Then walked to the very end of Lombardy and ran into this guy coming home in a big blue rolls royce, and as he pulled in his big dog came to the road, I smiled and he told me it was cool.  I walked into How's market, not cheap and then over to the Huntington where I found out some info about becoming a reader and met Sam, a russian who's wife just died in August and they together fought her cancer for 4 years.  I let a guy in for free on my guest pass.
Monday 22
Walked to work in a light drizzle.
Tuesday 23
Long talk with Jerry about life, I have not spoken to him since I was in Ecuador.  Walk into work past the Huntington on a lovely morning.  Met Amit at the Biology party along with two others who are first year graduate students.  They both went to UCLA.  Spoke to Mom and Dad, after the party along with Peter and Hb.  Peter was passing through Placitas on his way to his parents for the holidays.  Then off to Hawaii, until he swings back through here before returning to NM.  It was really nice speaking to both of them at the same time.
Wednesday 24
Major day of work, nice little lunch of food from the party the night before.  This was my first day getting back into Javascript, along with getting the Jquery Galleria up and running, a first crack at how to deal with viewing data, thumbnails etc.  At the end of the day I did some reading on Google's new browser Chrome.  I also got the latest version of Kuby's book Immunology, the sixth edition published in 2007.
Thursday 25
Rand's all day.  Hung with him in the morning, then Denny's for lunch, he ate, I watched, then off to the party at Tessie's sister's daughter's house.  I met Timothy Burns and Jason Schiffer.  Back to the office to write a letter to Pat, and then a poem for Sunday's poetry reading.
Friday 26
Early morning laundry, then read some Immunology.  Walk to work and met a doctor and her son who rode the train from Portland to Berkeley, then flew down to southern Ca.  It was an interesting chance meeting.  Spent some time looking at the javascript thumbnail code for galleria.
Saturday 27
All day with Rand, Sima, and Tessie, along with Rand's friends Steve Robinson, Devin, his younger sister and Steve's wife.  Went to the Huntington, then Vietnamese in China town, then back to Rand's hotel at the Saga in Pasadena.  In the morning I spoke to Bill and Michele.
Sunday 28
Poetry at Katabela's house.  Earlier in the day I hung out and read some Immunology.
Monday 29
Mellow day at home.  Spoke to Nick Secor in the early afternoon.
Tuesday 30
Took the bus down to Long Beach via a circuitous route.  Went over to El Monte Station and then over to bus 762 which went all the way down to the Artesia stop on the Blue Line, then picked up the Blue Line down to Long Beach.
Wednesday 31
Big walk over to Victory Park in anticipation of the Rose Bowl Parade tomorrow.  Walked up Altadena and then along Washington and back home down Sierra Madre.  The part of town I was in is actually very nice.