2011
January


Friday 31
My first full blown bilingual writing using google translate.  I will make sure I practice each sentence to
understand better what I am writing and be able to slowly move past this crutch.  But for now this is going to be the way I learn to speak by writing and having an assistant.  New Years eve was a beautiful experience with Rosa, Carmen, and her boyfriend Ruben.  We first went to Rosa's English teachers house high above Belgrano near the train station and China town.  Then on to Ruben's house for dinner.  We ate dinner about 1:30AM.  At 5AM, we headed off for a journey around BA and ended up on the Rio de Plata at sunset drinking coffee and talking with Rosa's two other friends who drove us around BA.  It will be a night to be remembered.  I told Rosa it was one of the best New Years Eves of my life.
Saturday 01
To start out I love when the first post of a new year is elongated and it starts the year out on the right note.  I will add that you can also see the New Years pt post about Rosa and my thoughts.  Mellow day at home.  Went to sleep at 8am, got up at 10:30am.  Spoke to Michele for several hours.  I ate my first meal at about 5pm.  Went out for a walk down Cuba to the park on the edge of town that I always love walking to.  Along the way I met two cute Mormom girls that were missionaries.  One was from los estados unidos and the other from Chile.  We chatted for awhile and they wanted to know if there was anything I needed help with.  I told them about my friend Brad and his experience in Mexico.
Sunday 02
Rosa's birthday lunch at her favorite Peruvian restaurant in Abasto.  Reynaldo, Sandra, Carmen were all there.  They brought Champaigne for lunch and also a nice birthday cake.  Aferwards we went for a walk and walked into the Abasto Mall.  Reynaldo and I talked the whole time and had fun.  Late in the day I went for my usual walk down Cuba to the park.  I sat down and watched some young kids kick the soccer ball around.
Monday 03
Dentist early in the morning.  Things look good, I got a good report.  Afterwards I went for a walk up to the 151 near where I catch the bus for Spanish at Bonapland in Palermo.  Meeting late in the day with the MyLingo Team.  Long talk with Scott in the evening.
Tuesday 04
Nice walk in the evening around here after work.  Its been a nice cool cloudy week.  I found a nice date and nut store on Manuel Pedrazo y Arcos on this side of Cabildo.  So that was fun.
Wednesday 05
Good progress on Javascript infrastructure.  I have completed everything for now except playing sound files with jPlayer.
Thursday 06
Great day in Uruguay.  Up at 5:15am.  Left here at 6:30am.  Slow boat to Uruguay.  Hang outside on the top level.  Walked to my favorite Pandaria with the cheese and ham chunks inside the bun.  Walked in the campo near the bread store.  Then back to town.  Then over to the bench on the tree lined street and wrote a poem inside the back courtyard of the hotel on the same street with the bench.  The cat said hi to me while I was writing my poem.  At the end of the day just before heading back to the boat I stopped off at a store to buy something and I was looking at the store.  The woman who owned the store was sitting outside mellowing out.  As I looked inside but was not entering she said to me 'Baila'.  That kind of made my day in a very nice way and describes the people here.  Just a small comment from a beautiful woman can really give you what you want out of this place and the continued corazon that I observe and love about Latin America.  The boat ride home was gorgeous.  With a crisp sky and clouds reflecting the setting sun.  Absolutely magnificent.  As we came into the BA harbor at night with the city all lit up and the stars in the sky I was subtly very happy.  I got off the boat and magically found the bus 152 right at my side.  I was once again taken care of on my journey and I must continue to appreciate all that I have in my life, especially the opportunity to come to Argentina, a beautiful country in the southern part of South America.  In a certain respect, really, I still can not believe I am actually here.
Friday 07
Nice Friday afternoon walk at the end of the day up La Pampa.  This was my second time walking up La Pampa.  I would ideally like to now check out the neighborhood to the left of La Pampa as I move across the city.  I love BA and walking especially late in the afternoon and then catching the bus.  Earlier in the day we got jPlayer up and running and I understand now how it works.
Saturday 08
Nice mellow day.  Went and got my hair cut late in the day.  It was a big ordeal finding the place and then actually having the guy cut my hair.  I ended up going right next to central park on Avenida Warnes.  It is right across the street from where the vendors sell things.  So when you are there, simply walk across the street and walk down Warnes and it is on the right side of the street, on the Rio Plata side of the street.
Sunday 09
Mellow day at home.  I wrote Mario a letter, and have been wanting to do that for quite some time.  Spoke to Mom and Dad and made a plane reservation to fly from Miami to Fort Meyers.  Walked over to Walmart and went in there for the first time.  Then walked from there over to Olzabal and caught the bus.
Monday 10
Kave paid me and I dropped off some at Valeria's house.  Started working on JSON today.  The Yaml to JSON conversion was very easy.
Tuesday 11
Major work on getting JSON up and running in the classroom.  We are making good progress.
Wednesday 12
Final day in the studio.  Picked up the keys from Jorge and Valeria at 9am, and moved most of my stuff over to the house in about 30 minutes.  That is the good thing about not having a lot of stuff.  In the evening Leandro and I bought two beers and drank them on the terrace of the house.  It was a lovely evening.
Thursday 13
At 6AM I was officially back in my old house.  I moved out of the studio just at day break.  Then I went for a short walk.  Came back had a light breakfast, took a shower and a nap.   I feel good, it is a nice day here. Not too hot.  Asado in the evening with Valeria and Jorge and a girl from Colombia who now lives in Canada and her boy friend.
Friday 14
Nice long Friday afternoon walk.  Walked one street over from Pampa.  Had 2 empanadas before getting on the bus and read the newspaper for a bit at the restaurant.
Saturday 15
Dancing with Rosa, Dario, Sandra, and Dario's friend Rosa also from Lima.  Dario picked me up at 1:20AM and we got back home around 7am.  When we came outside it was totally light.  It was quite an interesting evening.  Earlier in the day I did the big walk to the 107/114 park pickup.
Sunday 16
Carrefour, my usual hang out for some food.  Nice walk very late in the day after a big rainstorm here.  Just after the storm I went out for a walk.  I walked up Blanco then made a left and headed towards downtown paralleling the subte.  Then at the Olleros station I headed back home on the other side of Cabildo.  I rarely walk on this side of Cabildo but today I wanted to do it, just so I know that this upscale part of town is really not for me. I do not like this walk very much, but did it for kicks and grins.  I bought some picado at the chinese grocery store I used to shop at the very first couple of days I moved to town.
Monday 17
Nice walk late in the day to the edge of Capital Federal and down the hill towards the river near where Josefina lives.  We went to her party for an asado awhile back and I walked back up this hill with Becky and her novio.  This was the first time I was back at this spot.
Tuesday 18
Concentrate in the Biological arena on the Wikipedia Signal Transduction article as the basis for my studies going forward.  We will see how this plays out.  I have been sort of focusing in this area, but this is just a restatement of that interest.
Wednesday 19
I learned of Kami's death this morning right when I woke up.  I had an email with the bad news.  It was a cloudy rainy day all day today in BA.  I also learned from John that he had changed emails.  The reason being they would eventually be leaving Lawrenceville.  That was a pretty big hint.  No clue when this would happen.
Thursday 20
My long walk out to 107/114 park and bus return ride home.  It was an absolutely very temperate lovely evening.  I figured out what was going on in Google Chrome and fixed the code.  This was a lucky break.  Going forward I am going to need to test on all three browsers for sure.  Lucky, suerte.
Friday 21
Really nice evening at Leandro's and Natalia's.  They are very nice people and their friend were very cool.  It was a very different experience for me, than hanging out with different people, and just seeing more and more of the equation.  This experience can be much richer than you have made it and I will continue to optimize how this situation of being and living and learning continues to play.  Got to his house at 9PM and left his house at about 2AM for a lovely asado.
Saturday 22
Work early in the morning on Finance stuff.  Now down to once a week, this is a good trend.  I just started this trend in the past couple of weeks.  Es muy importante ver solo una semana el mercado.  Went for a walk to my normal spot out La Pampa and ran into the same folks from last night at Leandro´s.  Ignacio and Cecilia.  Long talk with Peter, his house finally sold in Hawaii and also he is going to buy a new Mac mini.  Nice talk with Michele as well.   At 7PM I went for a walk around the block with Maria and her son Mateo.  Also, for the first time had a nice talk with the meat market guy across the street from Luis´s place.  He is from Paraguay tambien.
Sunday 23
Beautiful day at Lauraines casa.  She picked me up at the San Isidro train station at noon.  We spent the whole day at her house.  In the tarde su nephews and husband arrived home.  We ate some food and enjoyed each others company.  Ernesto had seen recently the movie the Secret, and he was an interesting person to talk to.  We celebrated together Kami's life, Kami is now very happy about our friendship.
Monday 24
Working on getting the tabs up and running in MyLingo.
Tuesday 25
First day of integration of Javascript code into product after getting tabs working in MyLingo.
Wednesday 26
The google closure compiler as a way to bundle multiple Javascript files.  Left work at 5PM.  Went for a walk out Quesada to Walmart, then left turn to Olazabal.
Thursday 27
Another nice end of day walk out Quesada.  First check in of my code to MyLingo, this is a big step towards the final push.  Nice talk late in the evening with Hb.
Friday 28
I got the classroom global counter, forward, and back buttons along with the keyboard shortcuts working correctly in Symfony.  Nice evening chat with Robert and Priscilla who arrived from Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Saturday 29
I sent off a letter to Kavé with my plans for 2011 going forward.  This was important.  Awesome day with Jorge and Valeria out on the ranch about 30 minutes out of town.  We had a nice asado at Federico´s house.  Went out there with Priscilla and Robert and there four month old son Samuel.
Sunday 30
Mellow day at home.  Walk with Maria at the end of the day.  Spoke to Hb twice.  Find out that mother is in the hospital in Florida with stomach pains.
Monday 31
Early morning rain.  Starting to work on getting sound up and running in the classroom after finishing off the final module learn.  This was the last piece to drop.  Got home around 5PM after a nice long talk with Luis, he got back from his vacation.  Walked to the new office on my side of Cabildo.


February


Tuesday 01
Working on sound in classroom using the Jplayer.
Wednesday 02
Walk with my neighbor Maria Fernandez at the end of the day.  Talk with Kave earlier in the day, change strategy slightly to working on getting sound going along with clean up CSS and make everything prettier over the next week.  Mother and Dad fly home to Pittsburgh.
Thursday 03
Finally figure out how sound and jPlayer works at the end of the day.  Just in time to pack up our stuff for the move to the the new building.  I went home and ignored the crowd of moving.
Friday 04
Nap late in the day followed by nice two hour talk with Hb around midnight.  Earlier in the evening started spending more time on the BA book and the Argentina book along with history of Paraguay and Uruguay.  Went to Tigre about 11am on the bus, an interesting ride.  Walked totally around Tigre, the part I missed last time.  Home on the train.  While in Tigre I hung out at the private club on the other side of the stream.  In the park was a bridge, go across the bridge and then make a right turn.  It dead ends into the club.  Long nice talk with Hb in the evening.
Saturday 05
Downtown in the afternoon.  Stopped at a bookstore near Plaza de Mayo.  I did not enjoy being down there.  Came home, took a nap and then did some work on the history of Argentina in the evening.  I am making some progress on that front as well.
Sunday 06
Nice day.  Walked out to the Parilla on the street Maria Ancha and had a nice lunch of Choripan and Pappas Fritas.  Next time I will get the Blood Sausage called a Moripan.  I sat there for awhile, the day was perfect, as it gets.  I was happy.  Came home and took a long nap.  Then met Rosa at 5PM.  We hung out on the terrace until 7:30PM, and then went to dinner with Carmen, Dario, Sandra, and Ruben at our Peruvian restaurant.
Monday 07
First day at the new office, actually very nice.  I got my computer set up without a hitch and actually got some work done on cleaning up the CSS more and making some minor modifications to the way things look.  Got home early as it was just beginning to rain and our internet connection at work is not yet working.
Tuesday 08
Sound is now up and running in classroom.  This is very BIG news for me.  This was one of the last pieces to fall into place.
Wednesday 09
Nice evening with Leandro and his novia Nati or Natalia.  There friends are very nice, and we had some good hamburgers and I brought two beers as well.  So that was cool.  In the afternoon I went for a walk around the neighborhood --- not much in the way of grocery stores.
Thursday 10
moved my final stuff over to Valeria's house.  Got routes working in classroom, now able to get to new infrastructure through the interface.
Friday 11
Beautiful dinner with Jorge and Valeria.  The conversation went well and I am making progress.  Earlier in the day I went to Pilar on the San Martin line.  On the way home I walked through Chacarita after getting dropped off at the Chacarita station.
Saturday 12
Nice day.  Took the 152 bus to the end which is called Olleros.  And then walked all the way back home from there which is 10 kilometers.  I started out very close to the last time I walked from San Isidro.  It was kind of funny that I ran into the same place.  But the day that I got off the train in San Isidro I walked past the park and then ended up walking along the same street.  I got some bread and an empanada and then started the walk.  It was a gorgeous day.  I like the area up around San Isidro but was curious about the border between General La Paz around Cabildo.  The area is called Pte Savedra and there are actually buses in Pilar that come all the way back to Savedra.
Sunday 13
La Plata with Carmen and Rosa.  Went to visit the Cathedral.  The train ride round trip was $4.20 pesos.  We ate ice cream on the ride home and then had Chinese food for dinner in China town.  Ruben joined us for dinner and bought a big beer.
Monday 14
Early morning chat with some visitors who have been in South America for 8 months who are flying back to London in 2 days.
Tuesday 15
Classroom is wrapping up nicely.  Everything at this point is pretty much completed.  Good job in finishing a project that you started working on.
Wednesday 16
Walk after work.  Ate 3 cookies and then a Sausage sandwich.  Made the decision to spend more time looking into R, after contemplating Python and Ruby as alternatives.
Thursday 17
Friday 18
Took the day off.  It rained all morning, and I am working on Machine Learning.
Saturday 19
Trying to get better from my cold.  So I had a mellow day and talked to Hb.  She has made my journey her much easier with her love and friendship the whole voyage.  Getting back into Replica Island tambien.
Sunday 20
Went for a walk out past the restaurant I had my chori pan, but decided not to eat there I was not that hungry and there were no tables outside.  I came home and bought the morcillo and cooked it up with onions for dinner around 5PM.  It was my first time cooking this meal pero me gusta mucho.  Had a nice talk with Hb in the evening and then a 3 hour talk with the mom and daughter from Paraguay.  The daughter is going to UBA this autumn and is looking for a house to compartir.  The brother of the mujer is a professor of medicine in Birmingham, Alabaman.  Muy interesant conversacion, I am able to follow and ask questions but at times I fade in and out.  Had a nice interlude with Eve for her birthday.
Monday 21
The final asado with Jorge and Valeria.  Me gusto.  There were some friends of Peter's there from Traverse City which was kind of interesting.  One of the couples staying at the house is from Germany and the guy works for Vodafone.
Tuesday 22
More work on android and the adb program and understanding how it works.  In a timely fashion I also discovered a video on Yahoo finance about Android and how the next wave is going to be for tablets and the whole dominance of the Android operating system and the comparison to Apple etc.  All very interesting to say the least.  We are getting some rain in BA.
Wednesday 23
People started testing classroom and Mira actually took a good long look at it.  You have got to give yourself some credit for working on a nice simple piece of Javascript code and delivering it.  It really does not do that much, but it is a nice tight piece of work that is completed and can be presented in your portfolio.  The mylingo classroom is complete, good job michael, now you can move on to your next assignment.  I went for a walk at the end of the day around the heart of Palermo.  I did not know exactly where it was at but I ran into once again.  So that was cool.  At the end of the day I had a nice talk with hb.
Thursday 24
Mellow day at work, spending more time looking at Replica Island.
Friday 25
Rosa and I went to her teachers house late in the day around 6PM.  Her English teacher is very nice.
Saturday 26
Mellow day at home.  The guy came to clean up the wires around the house.  Very short walk as I was kind of weak today.  Maybe I did not eat enough food.  Nice birthday party with Rosa and Carmen.  We took a taxi there and Rosa paid for it.  The party was very nice in a nice house.  Argentines certainly know how to throw a party.  We had fun.  Rosa took the 71 bus home by herself at 3AM and Carmen and I took the 67 back to Belgrano passing the old Liquid on Mendoza.  It was my first time on the 67.
Sunday 27
Awesome day with Rosa, Carmen, and Ruben in Tigre.  We took the train out there, met Ro!! at the Vincente Lopez train station and then on to Tigre.  We had a nice late lunch of Pizza sitting next to the river.  Then on to the Puerto de Frutas as the day turned to evening.
Monday 28
Nice walk home from work.  Long talk with Hb from midnight till 3PM.


March


Tuesday 01
Started working on OpenGL in the context of Replica Island.  Nice walk at the end of the day home on the other side of the railroad tracks walking passed where I used to walk down Vidal from Liquid when it was in Belgrano.
Wednesday 02
Paella with Jorge and Valeria in the evening.  Nice walk home from work.  Start back into CouchDb and I am now understanding better the power of the framework especially with Javascript.
Thursday 03
Big day at work with lots of new ideas and concepts.  Besides couchdb and understanding how to write a couchdb application, I also discovered Node.js which I believe is going to be huge for me going forward.  Nice walk at the end of the day back home.  I have had some really nice walks this week coming full circle back to my old stomping grounds when I first arrived in BA.  The walks have mainly been linked to the Vidal calle area out near Lacroze on the other side of the railroad tracks.  What a nice life !!
Friday 04
Big blowout party at work until 2AM.  There were a lot of people there.  Rosa and I left and took the bus home but there were still people there.  It was a beautiful evening in Buenos Aires.  It was my first time at the office at night to see the lights.  But it was like I had been there every night of my life.  I felt at home at the office and feel at home in Buenos Aires.  Its kind of strange, but I like the big city here.  Wow.  Earlier in the day I went for a long walk to the 107/114 bus.  And did a wee bit of work tambien.
Saturday 05
Mellow day at home.  At the end of the day I went for a walk.
Sunday 06
Asado at Rosa's.  I met Carmen at 10:30am at the train station in Barrio Chino.  We took at taxi to Rosa's.  We were there all day long.  Ruben started up the fire right away when we got there.  Rosa's housemate Mario is a very nice guy.  Sandra and Carmen's moms were both there, along with Carmen's sister.  Dario was there as well, he brought his flag with him to show it to me.  I got home at about midnight, so by definition we had an all day asado.
Monday 07
Mellow day at home.  Late in the day Rosa and I went out to a nice Peruvian dinner in Abasto at Rosa's favorite restaurant.  We had a nice conversation about a lot of topics and then walked down Pueyrredon
to Santa Fe Ave to catch the 152 home.  I am not sure I exactly knew or understood how close the Abasto neighborhood was to Santa Fe.
Tuesday 08
Long talk on the phone with Rosa, like 3 hours prior to my departure.  We talked from 1:30 to 4:30, 3 long hours of a lot of talk about stuff.  At that moment, I then gathered up my stuff and before I knew it the taxi whisked me off to the airport.  Later that night, I awoke on the airplane in the middle of the night in a deep sleep.  The plane had hit some turbulence and it was raining outside.  I could hear the rain drops outside the plane.  At that time I knew my dream, for now, was really over but it felt good.  It was clearly, by far, without any question one of the best dreams of my life.  It would rank up there with Camp Walden, and the camping trips I had gone on in my life with both Hb, Bruce et al.  It was one of the moments when I realized that all was safe.  As I flew across South America I took a blanket and put it over my head and looked outside at the stars and the land below.  SA is my second home, and I feel fortunate to have the opportunity to bask in all her glory.  Note the lyrics of the song "Somewhere out there", I have been singing that song since I left BA.  On Sunday afternoon, at Rosa's asado, this song came up on her radio as we were preparing the asado.  It had been a long time since I had listened to that song.  But I love the music and did not really know the lyrics.  I checked out the lyrics to the song and was blown away.
Wednesday 09
It is really not a bad flight from BA to Miami, especially if you fly Aerolineas Argentinas and the plane is basically empty.  That is the way to fly.  I had a very mellow stop over in Miami and my flight to Fort Myers I sat next to a very interesting man who had just spent time with his daughter in Sao Paulo, which he said and I knew is very expensive.  Mother and Dad picked me up at the airport and we made some stops along the way home including Costco.  They have a nice spot at their cozy and comfortable home in Florida.
Thursday 10
Went to the Naples Botanical Gardens at the end of the day.  Mort and Myra were there along with Richard and Judy Rubenstein.  Earlier in the day Dad and I went to the Farmer's Market and I made soup when we came home.  The soup is excellent.
Friday 11
Filed for California Unemployment Insurance at Mom and Dad's home in Florida.
Saturday 12
We went out to dinner in the evening but I did not eat anything.
Sunday 13
Nice talk with Peter and Hb.  In the afternoon mother, dad, and I went to their beach club and went for a walk on the beach.  In the evening we had a nice salad and cold cuts at the club house.  I went for a bike ride late in the evening.
Monday 14
Nice day with Dad.  We headed up to the Estero Aquatic Reserve just north of the State Park on 41.  Finished my taxes late in the day prior to going for a bike ride around the block.  Major nuclear disaster in Japan caused by 9.0 earth quake.
Tuesday 15
Daddy and I went over to Koreshan State Park and learned about the cult that lived there over 100 years ago.  We had Pizza for dinner.  Long talk with Hb in the evening.
Wednesday 16
Went to the beach.  I went for a bike ride at the end of the day.  Weather is fantastic.
Thursday 17
I stayed home and worked during the day.  Dad and I went to the Farmer's Market in the morning and I made some soup.  In the afternoon I went for a bike ride.
Friday 18
Dad and I went to the Audubon Society Corkscrew Swamp.  We also visited the hispanic town of Immokalee, Florida and we walked around a bit.  I wanted to eat lunch there, but Dad was not into it.  Then we went to Ave Maria which is a new Catholic University founded by the founder of Domino's Pizza.
Saturday 19
We went to hear a nice concert in the evening.  During the day Mother and I cleaned the house.  For dinner we went to California Pizza Kitchen.
Sunday 20
We went to Myra and Mort's house.  Late in the day mother and dad went to bridge and I went for a long bike ride.
Monday 21
Nice day.  In the morning dad and I went for a walk in free preserve just north of here.  It was our second trip up there.  Dad slipped on a log and got his socks wet.  We went to a lecture by a guy who talked about the Middle East, it was very good.  After the lecture I asked him a question about Nuclear Weapons, and he said we should get rid of them.  We had a nice Ravioli dinner at Bravo.
Tuesday 22
Mellow day at home.  I went for a nice bike ride early in the morning.  Packed up and hung out with Dad talking about life.
Wednesday 23
Sat next to a nice guy on the plane ride from Dallas to ABQ.  He was a paver and lived in a small town north of Louisville in Indiana.  Flawless execution of my flight.  I checked my second bag at the airport in Miami.
Thursday 24
Went into town to run a bunch of errands including going to the Apple store.  We got my car up and running. All it needed was a jump.
Friday 25
A very nice dinner at Joan and Prashant's house.  Hb bought a nice rug.
Saturday 26
Mellow day at home.
Sunday 27
Mellow day at home.
Monday 28
Mellow day at home.  At the end of the day Hb and I rode up to the end of the road where June lives.  Earlier we hiked out the propane road and up the creek towards Pam's road.
Tuesday 29
Dinner at Diana's with Glenn and Hb.  Earlier in the day I got inside my shed for the first time and I am trying to organize things.  I went to the Placitas library to get a new library card and dropped off a bunch of old Hb books.  Also, shut down Compass.  This worked out great as I went to meet with Becky Garcia and she took care of me.  They have offices in Argentina.  Beautiful mellow walk late in the day along the ghetto trail north of Montano.  Earlier in the day Glenn and I talked to Frank at the end of the ditch.
Wednesday 30
First real day of work.  Just starting to turn the crank.
Thursday 31
Nice long walk early in the morning.  Started looking at the Google API's for Finance.  First night of listening to Spanish.  This is hopefully going to be a huge move for me.


April


Friday 01
Got MongoDb built on the MacBook.  Big day... Lots of progress on Mongo.  I need to spend at least a couple of more days working on this.  All of the pieces are starting a bit to fall into place.  Hb and I go for a late night walk and talk spanish the whole time.  Being in the spanish world via the music and the talk radio is going to be a big boon going forward.  The first thing I found is the Argentina National Public Radio.
Saturday 02
Mellow day at home.  In the evening we went to dinner at the Range and then listened to Barb's band play.  We sat with John and his wife Loraine.  I had met John before, but Hb and I had never met his wife Loraine.  I saw June that evening and she had remembered the last time that I was at her house when that big vase of flowers fell off the wall.  I sent out an email to Kaw, Liz, and Sharon telling them that I was home from Argentina.
Sunday 03
Hb and I went for a walk in the morning.  We had Rand and Tessie over for dinner in the evening.  They came over at 4:30PM and left at dusk.  We had a nice meal of chicken.
Monday 04
Mellow day at home.  Working on MongoDb.
Tuesday 05
Nice day at home.  Hb and I went for a walk in the afternoon. She got home at 4PM.  More work on MongoDb looking at the C++ code for the first time.
Wednesday 06
Dentist at Dr. Bell, they manually clean your teeth and did a really nice job.  Also, Hb y yo went to lunch at Brunos.  It was my first time at their restaurant in ABQ.  Earlier in the day, I took Muffy for a walk at Diana's and then got some stuff out of my shed including computer speakers while Hb went to Yoga.  Hb and I went for a walk before lunch while Hb got her oil changed.  It had not rained in NM in 60 days, and it rained in the night.
Thursday 07
Really nice day at home.  Starting to get into the groove of being back home in New Mexico.  First day of serious C++ learning curve.  This should probably take me some months, but I think the time is going to be worth it, since so much stuff today is still written in C, and so knowing it could certainly not hurt.  I spoke with Mother and Dad in the morning, and then talked to Scott for the first time since I have been back home.  More work on MongoDB.
Friday 08
More work on MongoDB.  Had another talk with Scott about Argentina.
Saturday 09
Breakfast at the Range.  All day at Nahalat Shalom for the conference on the secrets of NM.  Maria and Hershel headed up the event.  We stopped by the Sunflower Market on the way home for some food.  I had a nice lunch at Nahalat Shalom and HB went to her class and out to lunch with Angie and Nancy.
Sunday 10
Mellow day at home of cleaning.  We went for a walk late in the afternoon with Cheri twice around the block.  We had yummy sausage for dinner.  It was a cold, sunny, windy spring day in NM.
Monday 11
More work on Mongodb and starting to get into the tests.
Tuesday 12
Nice long walk at the end of the day by myself and then with Hb and Cheri.  I found a big piece of insulation which I am taking to recycling.  Huge progress on C++, and starting to understand it better.  This is going to be a very big break for me going forward.  Understanding C++, and being able to use it to your advantage going forward is going to be a very nice arsenal in your tool box.  MongoDb is the perfect platform for understanding it, especially because of the C++ tests and test driven development.
Wednesday 13
Hb goes to get her car fixed and I stay home.  Hb comes home for lunch.  Then we go over to the library and she goes and gets her hair cut.  I got the book on Eva Peron and Ruth Imber. Then we came home and Hb cuts my hair.  Then on our walk we discover the three bell words, te, mos, and ron for the verb conjugations.
Thursday 14
Starting to look into the whole structure of a Query in MongoDb.
Friday 15
Went into town early to do some errands.  Stopped by the sdb.  Then took some stuff over to the shed, then went by the fruit basket and the mexican grocery store.  Dropped off some recycle as well.  Dinner at Ty and Barb's house with George, Cheri, Mary Alice, and Michael.  Afterwards we went on a long walk up the hill.  Also, stayed up till 2:30AM talking about life and the mysteries that surround us.
Saturday 16
Lecture in the morning on Geology at the Placitas Community Center.  Cleaned house in the afternoon and then went on a walk with Cherie up the arroyo passed the Mandala.
Sunday 17
Breakfast at the Range followed by a nice hike out towards Cabezon.  Michele had been there earlier in the year with David and Susan Gutt.  Got home around 3PM and had a nice dinner of tacos.  Three hour talk with Peter.
Monday 18
Final push on the server side of MongoDb before moving on to the client side for data population.  I am feeling pretty good about how the server works and the concept of C++, testing, etc...  MongoDb is rock solid and well designed and can be a nice core tool for software development moving forward.
Tuesday 19
All day in town.  Went to meet Hb at the car place at 12:30.  Then took her to a patient who was not home, then Trader Joe's.  Then I dropped her off at work and I went to the bank and then read my biography of Eva Peron in the park near her work.  We then went over to Rand's house for Passover.  Bruce was there along with his new girlfriend Kathy and his daughter Jenny.  I sat next to Sima and Jenny and we had a nice seder.  Afterwards, Rand lent me two books to read.  One on the Tularosa basin and the other on the history of Kit Carson.
Wednesday 20
Hb and I had a nice day.  We went to a lecture at the Prairie Star about Retirement Planning.  Hb enjoyed this very much.  We then went over to the Tamaya for a lovely walk and then on to Walmart and I bought a pair of shorts, the same shorts I bought in California in Riverside at KMart on my way back from a beautiful 29 Palms weekend in late March of 2010. 
Thursday 21
Starting to work now on the other side of MongoDb.  Looking at ways to grab data from REST servers on the internet and populate my MongoDb's with data.  This is a nice transition as we have spent a number of weeks working on the server, C++ side of MongoDb and now we are ready and able to start the population, manipulation, filtering, and document design process.
Friday 22
First full day working on Node.js also did a search on GitHub and noticed that Javascript is the most popular language and Ruby is 2nd.  More work on Node, Bioinformatics.  Do not learn Ruby at this moment, but instead just focus on Node.js so that I can move out into the marketplace with this skill set.  Once Node.js is well taken care of then we can move on to Ruby in at least 6 - 8 weeks.
Saturday 23
Beautiful cloudy day in central NM.  At the winery, where we heard some music and sat around the fire and talked you could see out towards the Jemez.  It looked like a snowy day in northern NM.  Ran into Shell and Anne at the winery.  She was playing music there.  Also, saw the bio on Jim, he has had an interesting life.
Sunday 24
Hung out with Cherie at the winery, George played from 1 - 4 followed by Big Sue's husband who plays acoustic guitar and does not sing.  I read Jim Fish's poetry book Jim and I, and enjoyed very much several of his poems.  Hb and I then went for a walk in the village and came back and talked for about 45 minutes with Dawn's husband Michael about SFI research and the Singularity by Kurzweil.   It was fun.  Hb and I had a nice Sunday night dinner of sausage and burnt brown onions which we love.
Monday 25
Huge disaster when I deleted the libcrypto shared libraries on the mac.  Then I could not SU in to anything.  Fortunately, I was able to reboot and hit the Apple Key and 's' and boot into root single user mode.  Node is in a much better place now.  I re-installed node in a place where we do not need to be superuser and all of the NPM packages are now in the correct spot.  I got the OPOWER web site up and running along with the Multi Touch Multi User Canvas based on socket.io.  OPOWER uses express and a bunch of other interesting packages.  Hb and I went for a walk after dark and I went to bed at Midnight.
Tuesday 26
Got up at 4AM and went for a long walk up and down the hill at least probably 7 times.  Talked to Kathabela, Peter, and Joe Roth, and Liz.  Becky left Liquid, a big blow for Liquid.  I sent an email to Kave and he did not return the message on either Skype or email.
Wednesday 27
Hb goes to Yoga and a finance meeting with Lynn.  Huge push into OPower and the examples in express.  This is a very cool framework, and I am excited about Node more and more.  Two loads of laundry today, it was a nice sunny day but windy.  Late in the day we took Ty's dogs for a walk, Ty and Barb are out of town for 2 days.  Also, starting to look into Connect as well, which Express is based on.  Also, changed my prompt in my Mac terminal.  I am getting more and more into the Mac.
Thursday 28
Talked to Carmen and Marios's cousin Soledad Monti.  She recommended two songs that I listen to.  Akamai conference call.  Got Express, Expresso, and Connect tests up and running.
Friday 29
Made home made tortillas.  More work on OPower.  Starting to understand how the debugger in node works, which I think is a subset of the V8 engine debugger.  Hb and I went for a walk late in the day and Brian called me in the evening to talk.
Saturday 30
Dinner at Angie's house.  Spoke Spanish with Angie's friend Nina.  Nancy and Lou also came over to Angie's house and after dinner we watched the movie the Corporation.  Earlier in the day Hb and I cleaned house and went for a walk.  Hb had a conference call with Sherry and I played outside and did some watering.


May


Sunday 01
Hang out at home all day and have a fire.  It was a cold snowy day in May.
Monday 02
Decide not to use the Node Inspector UI for now as it is not ready for prime time. The manual route is the way to go, using the terminal and the command line debugger interface.
Tuesday 03
The new version of npm version 1.0.3 is finally understood.  It took a while for me to understand the difference between global and local.  The global is the -g flag and puts everything where node is installed, and the local puts stuff in your directory where you run the npm command.  Also, tests are now running out of the box now that I understand the git submodules command, after running that everything in support is populated and then the tests run.  Also, I now know how to check out a branch and a tag out of git, this is great and will certainly come in handy.  When on my early afternoon walk around the Windmill Trail block, came back and did some work and then took a nice bath around 4:30PM.  Went for a walk with Sherry in the evening at sunset.  She is going to Israel and Greece next week for 17 days.
Wednesday 04
Starting to understand routes better in Node Connect.  Josh Cave came out and looked at our roof.  He said it was in pretty good shape.  Went for a walk with Hb around the Windmill block.  I saw Susan Gutt for the first time since I was home.
Thursday 05
Listen to the WWE conference call for the first time.  This is a smaller company than I initially thought it was just based on the low participation on the call.  More work on understanding connect and how Javascript works.  Also, starting to contemplate a nice first application that can show people I understand this stuff from a work perspective.
Friday 06
Wrote Jaime a poem and letter as Hb heads off to Oklahoma City.  Nice talk with Peter for about 2 hours, spoke to Jim Sigman for the first time since I returned from Argentina.  Also, spoke to Jason and Dad as well.  Nice mellow day at home without Hb, who is venturing to OKC.  Working on other aspects of connect besides router.  This is the first time I started to look at other aspects of connect.  Also, discovered the next version of protovis is called d3.  This is very interesting as well from a UI perspective.
Saturday 07
Up early, left house before 9am and drove up the mountain past the ski area and down the hill to WFC.  Then drove on south highway 14 to the picnic area for Rick and Brenda’s son Ryan who got married to Shelly.  Her sister was in BA for 3 months and so we talked about that.  I arrived at the picnic area about 10:30am and I was the first one there.  It was nice being early.  I read my Evita book and just hung out and went for a walk on the small mesa.  There are some houses around there as well, but all in all it was a very nice day.  On the way home I stopped and bought some gas and then went over to the SunFlower market to get some food and then on home.  I spoke to Hb in the evening.  It was an absolutely beautiful spring day in central NM and I enjoyed it to its fullest.
Sunday 08
Worked in the morning on some yahoo portfolio stuff.  Went to Santa Fe around 11:30am and arrived around 12:30am.  It was a lovely day hanging out with Scott and Kathy.  Alex is now a really big boy.  We ate some chicken soup and Scott made some beans.  Scott also turned me on to the telenovellas on YouTube.  This will hopefully help me improve my Spanish going forward.
Monday 09
Hb back from Oklahoma City.  Msft buys Skype.
Tuesday 10
Node test framework up and running along with http study.  Walk early in the morning plus a walk up the hill late in the day with Hb.
Wednesday 11
Big day on the communication front.  I sent dhw off another email saying I had not heard back from him, and he responded almost instantaneously.  Also, talked to Michael Berkowitz for the first time since returning from Argentina.  It was a cold cloudy day for late spring in central NM.  I love weather like this, and I went for a big walk in the open space.  Also, heard from Lois for the first time since returning from Argentina.  I sent her off a nice long response as I usually do.  Started taking Node to the next level today as I am starting to work on a small project.  The project will involve parsing RSS data and storing it in Mongo and other NoSQL databases.  Stay tuned.  This is an exciting next step in my work adventure after returning home from Argentina.  The first test case will attempt to be the jobs RSS stream on Craigslist.
Thursday 12
Fits and starts today but finally started down a path late in the day.  Attempting to pull JSON data off the web and store in Mongo all using the Node framework. Had a really nice evening, one of the first evenings where I was mellowed out.  I think one of the keys was ending my work at a certain time, like around 5 or 6PM.  This may be a good habit going forward.  Now that I am making more progress with work and things are starting to fall into place more, I think it may be easier to define during the day what needs to be done and then moving forward and looking at other stuff.  Tonight I spent some time studying the geography of Spain.  Also, earlier in the day I had a nice conversation with John Gutman.
Friday 13
Huge WIN !  I am now integrating MongoDb and Node into one application.  This is the next major step in the development of this phase of work and learning upon returning home from Argentina.
Saturday 14
Beautiful day in Santa Fe.  First we went to Spirit of the Earth to buy Hb a dress for Luke’s wedding.  I went over across the Plaza and had 4 cookies at the Inn of the Anasazi Hotel in their library.  Then I walked over and talked to John in the Olive Oil store past Monroe Gallery.  Hb and I had lunch at the Thai restaurant past The Eldorado Hotel and Il Vicino.  I had Pad Thai, yummy and Hb had soup.  Then we headed up towards the ski basin road and went to Peter Olson’s wedding.  It was a beautiful sunny spring day in Santa Fe.  Classic warm spring day up in the moutains.  Peter’s two brothers Joel and Chris were there along with Abigail.  Also Eliot and Sue and Keith and Graham and Sherrie.  A nice day was had by all.
Sunday 15
Mellow day at home.  We cleaned the house, went for a walk and had Turkey for dinner.
Monday 16
More work on Craig’s list reader and writer.  I am now reading multiple search terms and storing those accordingly in MongoDb.  Also, spoke to eye doctor tech about my eye issue.  I realized I have good health insurance.
Tuesday 17
Starting to work on the XML to JSON conversion aspect of the Craig’s list posting.  I will resume the study of this conversion program on Thursday.
Wednesday 18
Hb and I go into town to have her car fixed.  We then go to get me some shoes on Montgomery just west of Louisiana.  Store is called Sports Authority.  Then we wen to the chiropractor for Hb and I went for a walk.  Then we went to Dillards to get Hb some shoes for the wedding.  Then we went to lunch on Eubank.  The grocery store, which I love, has the same products as the ones in Ca. that I used to buy.  The store is just north of I40 on Eubank close to Hb’s work.  In that same shopping center just north of there on Eubank is the Mexican restaurant El Norteño which has great authentic food from Mexico.  We then went to see the movie “I am” and then we went to the Sunflower Market to get a supplement for Lisa Dressler.  I then stopped at the Placitas library on the way home to get my Eva Peron book again along with another book on Pablo Neruda.
Thursday 19
Early morning ride to the post office and walk through the village.  I mailed off a package to Lisa Dressler of stuff Hb and I bought yesterday at the Sunflower Market.  The morning was amazing.  It was raining / snowing in the village.  This is a typical spring day in NM.  Quite unusual to have it be this cold this time of year.  Today I am going to work on the xml2json code. Long talk with Peter at the end of the day.
Friday 20
Continue working on the technology of xml2json as the core piece of code to remove stuff from the RDF XML code that is produced by the Craigslist site.  This is a great simple piece of technology that over time I think I can adapt to fit my needs.  You are not going to understand all of this code in one day, but be patient and over time you will work this code to make it work for you.
Saturday 21
We had Nina, Angine, Lou and Nancy for dinner.  Hb made BBQ chicken.  Earlier in the day we cleaned the house and mellowed out a bit.  I went for a short walk early in the morning.
Sunday 22
Nice day with Hb.  We went for a hike down by the river.  We watched a guy catch 3 big fish at the dam in Algodones.  It was a gorgeous day.  Afterwards, we had a nice dinner at home about 3PM.  We ate some BBQ chicken from last night and some beans.  In the evening we watched a movie on the internet called Home.
Monday 23
Big win, and major progress moving forward.  I found the correct XML solution.  In parallel with reading the Feinstein biography of Pablo Neruda I am starting to wade through his 20 love poems.
Tuesday 24
New XML solution is up and running and integrated.  The old Thomas Frank xml2json solution is no longer being used and I have reading the RSS feed, removing unwanted stuff, and xml parsing to JSON all done in one step before writing the data to MongoDb.  This is great news !  Also, I had a reading with Sherry Stapleton today and Hb.  It went well.  Today was windy all day, and so no opportunity to go outside for a walk.
Wednesday 25
Hb went to the dentist and I went for a walk while she was in the office.  Then I went to Diana’s and took Muffy for a walk.  Then I went to the bank and got my $3 refund for my PO Box key that I closed back before I went to Ecuador.  This was cool.  I went to wfc to learn about mortgage loans as a function of income and not about assets.  Then Mexican grocery store and Trader Joe’s.  TJ’s is definitely less busy than it was when I was going there when I was at JSI.  Maybe because they have 2 stores now or maybe because of the economy or more competion.  I have been listening to a talk by Alex Russell [slightlyoff@google.com] on Javascript from Google I/O 2011.  He is a member of the Chrome team as well.
Thursday 26
Day started off on a slow note.  Since I had yesterday off it took me awhile to get up and running.  BUT, by the end of the day we were in really good shape.  I am now writing only craigslist jobs that match a regular expression of key words.  This is a huge win in the project, and a milestone to say the least.  I am starting to better understand node and mongo as well.
Friday 27
I have now have a regex expression in place that parses the link and only pulls the city name so that I can write out the city as a value to the city key.  The server side for now is in pretty darn good shape.  I can now move on to the client side and the web side of things.  We will start that after the Memorial Day weekend.  Kids arrive around 4pm and the fun begins.
Satuday 28
Start out at the Flea Market in Placitas where I met Tom who was selling books.  He told me his story about opening up a gallery in Austin after having a gallery on the Santa Fe Plaza for 25 years.  He also spent 8 years in Maine and was happy to be back home in NM although he is living in Rio Rancho.  We then went to breakfast at the Range followed by swimming at the Tamaya followed by a stop at the Placitas library where I picked up the book a Wrinkle in Time in Spanish.  This is actually very cool for the most part.
Sunday 29
Nice day in the Jemez with the kids.  First we listened to music at Red Rocks and a band whose leader by the name of Jimmy Shendo had just died about 1 year ago.  Their music moved me to the point where I believe I have transitioned in a good way to being back in NM.  It was the Red rocks, the pueblo, and the Jemez mountains in the distance that spoke to me and let me know that I was back home and connecting with Mother Earth.  It was todo bien.  Afterwards we went by the Jemez River and the kids went swimming and Michele and I sat by the river.  The turn off to the river is less than one mile past Glynn’s house, Pam’s sister.  It is exactly 44.4 miles from the river swimming spot back home.  On the way home we listened to This American Life by Ira Glass.  The program was on psychopaths and they interviewed Ed Dunlap the old CEO of Sunbeam.  The story was about how possibly most CEO’s are psychopaths in some way.
Monday 30
Nice mellow day with the kids at home.  Went for a long walk in the Open Space.  Malaya is quite the trooper.
Tuesday 31
Found Coffeescript for the first time.  I had heard about it before but never took the time to take a look at it.  Very cool, I will be spending more time on this going forward.  Also, up and running with Mongo, Craigslist, Express...  I am using Jade for now, as my first templating language.  It seems very nice.  Walk at the end of the day with Sherry and heard about her trip to Israel and Greece.  She was there for 2 weeks and just got back last Friday.  Since the kids were here this weekend we did not get to spend that much time with her, and now we are starting to get the update on her trip.


June


Wednesday 01
Huge progress once again on Jade.  I have a basic web site up and running and Jade is the templating engine I am using.
Thursday 02
Nice talk with Peter to start out the day.  He is NOT buying his neighbors property as she is not into selling it.  Hb and I continue to go for early morning walks prior to 6AM.  Huge progress on craigslist website.  Working more on Jade and also now trying to better understand web framework architecture in the perspective of express.  In order to do this I am studying opower.  Late in the day George and I had a short conversation about all of the smoke blowing into central NM from the Alpine fire on the border of Arizona and NM.
Friday 03
Woke up and there was a thick layer of ash on my car from the smoke caused by the fire last evening.  Spent lots more time working and understanding OPower especially the handlers part.  Also, first big day working on D3.  It looks cooler than I could have even imagined.  A testament to continuing to work on a problem.  Bostock got it wrong the first time and got it right the second time.
Saturday 04
Placitas Appreciation Day.  Free burgers and hot dogs.  We listened to George’s band, and then he sat with us as we listened to band number 2.  It was a nice day at the Merc parking lot.  We sat in the court yard inside the restaurant.  A nice day was had by all.
Sunday 05
Nice day in Corrales.  Started the day at the Range for breakfast then we went to the Farmers Market in Corrales.  Followed by a visit to the old church.  We walked the ditch in Corrales, absolutely beautiful.  Then SunFlower Market and stopped by the winery on the way home.  Jim is making a table for Hb.
Monday 06
Major progress on understanding Jade.  Dark smoky night as fire rages as the Alpine / Wallow fire on the Az/Nm border.  Some work on D3 plus some testing for Mylingo.
Tuesday 07
Got an email from Bill Blinn confirming he wants to talk with me.  Finally at the end of the day got unit testing working for JSON documents.  Lots of smoke at the end of the day.  Was able to go out for a very short walk.
Wednesday 08
First day of JSONSelect.  I was able to get the cool web site up and running along with run the tests.  It took me all day to integrate it and start using my document but we got it going just as the day turned to evening.
Thursday 09
Finally got the Dao Technology into the craigslist website.  It is NOW working.  I am able to display data coming from both a JSON object and also from the MongoDb.  So, I have two Dao’s.  One talks to JSON and the other one talks to Mongo.  Great job !  Today was not smoky in the evening which is good news.  ALSO, had my first conversation with the guys at LightKeeper including Bill and Danny and Matt.
Friday 10
Followup conversation with Danny at LightKeeper.  I get a good hit from him, next step is to touch base after July 4 holiday.  Between now and then I will spend some time looking at D3.  Nice evening at a rich party in Corrales.  We met a guy by the name of Paul who recently moved to New Mexico.  I briefly got to speak some Spanish with him.
Saturday 11
Spent most of the day working on D3.  Hb went to the Farmer’s market and her class.  She met Marcy and Ann at the farmer’s market.  Hb cuts my hair late in the day.
Sunday 12
More work on d3.  We are going to focus on transitions.  This is I believe the real power of D3 on the internet for now.  It is the way to do custom animations and probably the one thing that is currently lacking on the internet.  Poetry reading at the Winery and out to Diamond Tail to check out the energy efficient house.
Monday 13
Hb gets her surgery at Pres.  I have lunch at Yasmine’s and bought 6 Falafel.  Fortunately, the operation was a success.  We got home about 4PM.
Tuesday 14
First full day back from the hospital.  First full day of D3 transition development.  Got a good report from the doctor.  We went into town to see the doctor, then stopped by Diana’s to get some stuff out of the shed.  Then on to the banks and SunFlower market.  We got home about 7pm and left the house at 2:30PM.
Wednesday 15
General preparedness for the trip to Colorado on Saturday.  Also, more work on D3 transitions.  The matrix index work is now working.  Hb already back out around the block on her morning walk.  She is quite the woman.  Ok, I am now starting to understand transitions in D3.  This has been a D3 week, after talking to Danny last week at LightKeeper I decided to spend the whole week on D3.  Transitions are basically ways to fire off timers and do animation by manipulating the CSS over time making things appear to be animated.  Its a function you call in the transition which depicts CSS changing.  It will be worth spending more time looking into the source code of D3 to understand what is going on further.
Thursday 16
Lots more cool stuff to learn and understand.  Looking at the test cases to D3 I discovered that the tests are based on a very cool browser framework completely written in Javascript that mimicks the whole browser including the HTML 5 parser.  Prior to this I saw a javascript DOM implementation which is probably similar but this seems even more robust as the testing framework has built into it sizzle which mimicks the CSS3 environment etc. I also started spending a bit more time looking into the source code of D3 and how transitions work.  Earlier in the day Hb and I went to the library and I got the same book in Spanish and English to help me better understand the Spanish I am reading. 
Friday 17
Final mellow day at home.  Packed up and went for a nice long walk at sunset looking over Bill Patterson’s house up on the Open Space.
Saturday 18
Drove to Salida.  Found a great place to stay called the Woodland Motel.  Walked around town for the FibArk Festival.  Nice Cambodian dinner and walked around the County Courthouse.
Sunday 19
Nice breakfast at the Pancake Patio.  Then walk into town and watch people launch on the boat race for 26 miles out into the canyon of the Arkansas River.  Drive to Denver.  Luke took us for a walk around his house.  Very nice and green.  We got to meet Ashley’s parents Traci and Tammy, the grandma K, and Jordon and Landon.
Monday 20
Luke, Hb and I went for a hike down near this big river that was fed by a huge dam.  We then went in to Boulder and went out to lunch for Vietnamese.  We stopped by Jason’s car dealership and then went back home.  Hb and I went to SunFlower Market to buy food and then we had a big BBQ.  I talked to Jim and Anne in the evening.
Tuesday 21
Real nice day at Chatfield Reservoir with Luke, and Nick.  Luke went jet skiing with his friends and Hb and I went for a walk along the lake.   It was an absolutely spectacular day.
Wednesday 22
Made potato salad and coleslaw for the party this evening at Luke’s house.  Checked in at the hotel in Golden and then drove back out to the house. Gabe, Malaya and Diana showed up as the party was ending.
Thursday 23
Sitting in the hotel lobby in Golden, Colorado at the Golden Hotel.  Had a nice lunch in Golden at the Natural Food store and then stopped by the Mineral museum at the Colorado School of Mines.  Wedding went off without a hitch.  There were a couple of rain drops that fell from the sky but that was it.  We stayed dancing at the hotel till 11PM.  We were one of the last one’s to leave the wedding.  A good time was had by all.
Friday 24
Breakfast with Jason, he was heading off to work.  Then hung out on the river in Golden for awhile before heading over to lunch with Anne at Chad’s on the corner of Union near 6th street.  Hb and I went for a bike ride around the neighborhood late in the day.
Saturday 25
Walked around James Bible Park before heading over to Jim’s house.  Lunch with Dominque at Jim’s house along with Samuel.  We had a nice trout lunch.  Then over to Jim’s club pool.  Where we sat around till about 6:30pm talking to Susie.  Eventually Jim left and Hb and I continued to talk to Susie for awhile.  Had a nice noodle dinner on the way home on the corner of Wadsworth south of I70.
Sunday 26
Up at 5:30am, leave Denver at 6:30am.  Breakfast in downtown Pueblo at the Daily Grind.  It is on Union Street.  Then on to Raton where we took a break at the Visitor’s center.  Then on to Las Vegas.  We bought some chips at Lowe’s and then hung out in the park and had the rest of our burrito from breakfast.  Bought gas just south of Santa Fe at our favorite spot for $3.19.  Stopped by the Merc to get some lettuce.
Monday 27
First day back to working on D3 transitions.
Tuesday 28
More work on D3 including circle packing layouts.  I figured out how to get the D3 stack up and running in Eclipse.  You have to move the lib directory outside before building Javascript project.  Then once the project is built move back in and resync.
Wednesday 29
Focus on the family, I mean the D3 fundamentals today.  After much, much ado.  I finally understand REALY what D3 is doing.  It is now fairly trivial in my mind.  It is all about building up an SVG DOM tree.  The breakthrough for me was looking at the pie example.
Thursday 30
Worked on trees with Michael.  He cut and I hauled them off. Then continue working on D3.


July


Friday 01
Smoky morning so our walk was postponed till later.  Went into
town to buy groceries and go to the bank as Sharon and Liz are coming into town tomorrow.
Saturday 02
Sharon and Liz arrive around 5PM and we had a nice dinner and then went for a walk around the block.
Sunday 03
Hike around Tamaya.  Lunch at Casita, nice New Mexican food.  Then walk around Bernalillo.
Monday 04
All day in Santa Fe.  Lunch at Pranzo.  Thai dinner at home, followed by poetry reading.
Tuesday 05
First day back at work.  Working more on D3.  Mike released a new tutorial called Little Circles which is very nice.  Sent an email off to Danny and Bill at Lightkeeper, retouching base with them thanks to Hb prodding for getting me off the ball.  Also, starting now to better understand source code for selection.js.  Interesting how it calls directly into the DOM code to create and insert and append elements.  This is very nice, also highlights the importance of Sizzle and Envjs.
Wednesday 06
Got a response back from Danny at LightKeeper.  We are going to have another conversation on Friday July 8 at noon to discuss how to move forward.  Worked with Michael in the morning and paid him $76 for trimming our trees.  Sent a response back to Danny and also spent some time working on polymaps.  Got an initial introduction to the product along with running some demos.
Thursday 07
Long talk with Peter in the evening about the mind as a BRIDGE between the spiritual world and the inner child.  Earlier in the day I started working on BioGrid.  I think I have a pretty good handle on what needs to be done.  The first step is to build a parser to parse their TAB 2 format into both CSV and JSON files.  From there I can move on to the next step.  Discovered IDCC.
Friday 08
Early morning walk at 5AM.  Talk to Danny and Bill and came up with a nice agreement for now.  In to town, to go to the bank, stopped by Diana’s house to pick up a rake and then head over to SunFlower Market for some shopping.  Also, I got new wiper blades for my car.  The old ones fell off when I tried to clean off my windshield.
Saturday 09
It rained today for the first time since I have been back from Argentina.  I worked out an architecture for LightKeeper based on Socket.Io.  In a certain respect this is kind of a breakthrough.
Sunday 10
I received the contract from Danny, signed it, and scanned it back in and sent it back to him.  In the morning, Hb and I started working on the trees.  We did two wheel barrow loads over to George and Sherry’s house for red rocks.  Took it easy today.  Did not get on the computer.  I took a big nap and actually went to sleep early and slept well.
Monday 11
Woke up and the internet was down.  Took till about 10am to reset the wireless router correctly.  Then dealt with trying to get Batik working.  Then I went for a walk around the block.  I am not going to focus on Java.  An executive decision was made.  I am going to only focus on the stuff I have been working on to date.  It rained in the afternoon, this is very good news.
Tuesday 12
Santa Fe all day to visit Scotty and Kathie.  Scott was 56.  We had a chocolate cake.
Wednesday 13
More work on chatrandom in socket.io
Thursday 14
Another full day of work on chatrandom and at the very end of the day we came up with a victory.  The key point of this lesson was how to include and reference javascript code correctly in Jade using the sockio client side “way”. I had a nice talk with Tessie earlier in the day and helped her a bit with her web site.  They are heading off with Sima to San Diego in about one week.
Friday 15
Starting to get more into understanding express once again along with a new web site for SVG and Sock.IO.  Major push late in the day on Jade.  I am finally starting to understand how it works as I had to break out an individual test to understand how to put a set of links on one line.  Worked till late in the day to figure this out.
Saturday 16
Worked outside in the morning on the trees and the rocks.  Talked to Dad for his birthday, they are going to the beach tomorrow.  Dad sends me the book “A random walk down Wall Street”.
Sunday 17
Mellow day at home.  Trying to understand D3 selections and how they work.  Michael came over again and did some more tree trimming and in the evening we did some work outside.  Summer is a gorgeous time of year in Placitas and I am truly happy to be back home.  Life is quite an interesting struggle and joy.  I have started reading the Grapes of Wrath and am enjoying reading such a well written classic novel from the mid twentieth century in the US.
Monday 18
All day struggle on stepping through node server side code of how to generate out the SVG and then grab it so I can send it on to another listening server who will then maybe embed it in a PDF file.  Peter arrives around 1:30PM and we hang out for the rest of the day chilling out.
Tuesday 19
I wake up early in the morning and figure out that I need to use the document.getElementsByTagName('html')[0].innerHTML.  Yesterday all day I struggled with stepping through all of the code on there server side trying to figure out what the magic was.  At 9am Peter and I drive into town looking for rental houses for him.  Then we have lunch at the Flying Star and proceed to my house to show him the beauty that Diana has created.  Then over to the SunFlower market for some food and then home.
Wednesday 20
Peter goes into town to put an offer on a house we looked at yesterday and Hb goes out to lunch with Sue and then goes to Thomas to get rolfed.
Thursday 21
Mellow day at home with Peter Day who is working on buying a house in ABQ.
Friday 22
Peter leaves at 9:30AM and I go back to work on sending SVG document to the server.
Saturday 23
Early morning jaunt into town with breakfast at the Range followed by a visit to the Farmer’s market where I talked to Katrina and Alvaro for awhile.  This was the first time I had a long talk with Katrina.  They are moving to Tucson and their house is on the market down to 399 from 525.  Also, ran into James and I told him I was talking to Pam when I first returned to Placitas.  He was touched by my words and showed his emotions.  Pam died at the end of October 2010 and so he is still grieving.  People at our party included Diana and Glenn, Prashant and Joan, Susan and David, Nancy and Lou, and Marcy and Anne.
Sunday 24
I am now able to put up an SVG file that gets written back to the server.  Mellow day at home of cleaning and recovering from the big blow out bash party last evening.
Monday 25
Day 1 Redis.  Mother and Dad home from the beach.  I spoke with both of them.  Got an email from Bill at LightKeeper and I responded back to him regarding my status reports of the past 2 weeks.  It rained twice today within a couple of hours both in the late morning and early afternoon.  This is good news.  This is the 2nd time I have seen it rain since being back from Argentina in Placitas.
Tuesday 26
Talked to Danny over email and confirmed my next step.  Which is to get Highcharts and D3 working in Jsdom.
Wednesday 27
Working on Jsdom solution for D3.  Spoke to Mom on her birthday, she is doing well.
Thursday 28
Bailed on Jsdom temporarily and moved to Env-js.  Got D3 working in Env-js.  
Friday 29
Early in the morning I wrote my status report for Danny.  Then Hb locked her keys in the car so I took them to her and then we had lunch at a nice Indian restaurant next door to Intel.  Then I went to the bank and the SunFlower market.  I got stuff working with jsdom and highcharts late in the day --- there were 2 minor code changes in the Highcharts src code.  The magic sauce was getting the jsdom configured correctly --- which I still do not understand fully.  The other sauce was including all of the html along with the svg part.  The html part has the def’s which are apparently used by the SVG.  Stay tuned more work on Monday.  I am taking the weekend off --- yahooo.  Tambien, it rained in the evening making for a gorgeous sunset.  Hb and I walked to the top of the hill and relished in the glory of the setting sun and the late summer smells and ambiance.
Saturday 30
Nice day in town with Nancy and Peter.  We stopped by Peter’s house to look around and then had a nice lunch at Casa Vieja in Corrales.  We sat there for a long time with conversation over lunch and chips and salsa for $9.  I ate most of the salsa which was very tasty.  On the way home we stopped by Walmart to pick up some sundries.
Sunday 31
Mellow day at home.  We do some house cleaning and also work outside on the trees.  It was a gorgeous late summer day in central NM with clouds most of the day and a threat of rainshowers as late afternoon turned to evening.  At sunset, white light billowing clouds toppled over Santa Fe to the north.  Peter leaves early Sunday morning and we talked to him upon his safe arrival back home in Silver City.


August


Monday 01
Back to work --- and it was an extremely productive day, launching into yet another large, huge learning curve.  The big idea and challenge of the week is Thrift.  It is similar to Protobuf and also similar to Corba’s IDL, stuff we did at Vitria.  I made a lot of progress on day one of this new adventure.
Tuesday 02
Hb goes to Sue’s house for dinner as Sherry is in town with her husband.  I talk to Bill and Danny about the project.  Today I worked all day in the Java world coming to the conclusion fairly late in the day that in order to drive Java you need to have an Ant file.  Maven is just tol weird and magical.  I prefer Ant where everything is there and you know exactly what is going on.
Wednesday 03
Hb and I go for a morning walk and I send an email off to Danny and Bill outlining the concept of a one to one mapping between Javascript and SVG.  Hb goes to Santa Fe with Sue and meets Sherry who is staying there and then heading north today.  I start working on some redis applications with the aim of releasing a teaching tool slash potential framework for D3, redis, and sockio.
Thursday 04
Major progress on Redis and getting tests up and running.  Market crashes to SP500=1200, biggest drop since December 2008.
Friday 05
More work on Redis and the web server infrastructure.
Saturday 06
Lunch with Malaya at the Thai restaurant near Washington and Central.  Prior to that we went to the Farmer’s Market and then after lunch we stopped by Thai Lin.
Sunday 07
Get red rock with Malaya on the work front switch gears to jsdom.
Monday 08
More work on jsdom.
Tuesday 09
More work on jsdom.
Wednesday 10
Huge progress today on the development of the code.  Hb was home all day and she had a reading at 11:15am.  I went for a walk up on the hill near Prashant’s house.  Hb made a great turkey soup for us.
Thursday 11
Up early and went for a walk with Hb.  It is a cloudy morning in central NM and I am happy for the relief from the sun.  Had a talk with Danny and Bill today about the project.  In the evening, Hb and I went for a walk and got rained on as we were walking down the home stretch.  The rain continued into the evening and we were happy to be blessed to have water falling from the sky.  Mother had a successful operation today on her eye in Pittsburgh.  I spoke to Peter Day and he is closing on his house in ABQ on Monday and hopefully Nancy will be moving in with her roommate in about one month.
Friday 12
More work on getting LightKeeper Version 0 product released.  At the end of the day things were not good on the work front.  So I got up at 1:30AM Saturday morning and worked till 4AM and nailed the thing I needed to do.
Saturday 13
Farmer’s market with Nina and Angie.  Saw Mike and Megan.  Afterwards we went to get Tortillas.  Then Flying Star for lunch, then Lowe’s for some bark, then SunFlower Market and Trader Joes.  Saturday afternoon was lovely.  It rained and I sat on Ty and Barb’s back porch and it was a chilly rain in mid August.  Life was perfect with the dogs and me.  Then Hb and I watched the movie Eat, Pray and Love with Julia Roberts.
Sunday 14
Mellow day at home.  I am doing some Spanish with Love in the Time of Cholera.  Then I worked outside for awhile and went for a walk.  Hb and I tied up the rosemary plant.  Then we had a killer Thai dish for dinner.
Monday 15
Andy arrives at 9PM for surgery tomorrow.  Earlier in the day I realized that I was in BIG trouble and did not know how to do the integration.  Problems included 1) streams --- how to pass the data using pipes between the request step and the jsdom step.  2) callbacks --- how to call back the data so that we could get the results 3) how to deal with the fact that the processing was asynchronous and the rest of the Javascript world is synch.  These three problems at the moment appeared to be GIGANTIC.
Tuesday 16
Face all of my problems one at a time in order listed above.  On Monday I dealt with stream and EventEmitter.  On Tuesday I dealt with callbacks and how to deal with them.  And on Wednesday I dealt with asynch.
Wednesday 17
Another huge day of work.  In the late afternoon it started to rain and Andy and I were talking about my work.  At about 6PM everything started working.  It was like magic.  The callbacks were magically set and the data was being processed asynchronously and then res.send().  At that moment, all was fine.  It has been a long short road on this project.  I celebrated the night away by sharing a beer with Andy and then taking a nice shower.  After dark, Hb, Andy and I went for a celebratory walk around the block.  The day was over.
Thursday 18
I get URL parameters working and passed into the program in about 30 minutes.  Something was actually easy and worked without a hitch.  Now we are going to move on to the Amazon world and getting Node up and running there.  Got Amazon completely up and running today with Node and my whole code base.  Doing this in one day is HUGE.  Congrats.  We got a nice rain just at dusk and it rained till after dark.
Friday 19
Worked all day on finishing up the first phase of the project for LightKeeper.  By 6PM I was ready to release the product including finishing up the docs and also making sure it works on Amazon with arcadiangroup.net.  Earlier in the day I cleaned up all of the code and removed all of the unwanted cruft.
Saturday 20
Indian Market day in Santa Fe.  It was an absolutely gorgeous day.  Skies were partly sunny and the temperature was just right.  We walked around the market in the morning.  Had lunch at the Zia diner and then walked up Acequia Madre in the afternoon and then back down Canyon Road.  We stopped by Kami’s old bar Dr. No and talked to the proprietor of the store.  Just as we exited a gallery on Canyon Road the skies turned very dark.  We walked very quickly back to our car and just as we entered the car the skies opened up in classic summer style thunder storms.
Sunday 21
Up at 2am in a raging thunderstorm.  Lots of rain.  Spent the whole night studying the history of Latin America and reading artcles from the revista magazine at UBA.  In the morning I went for a short walk and admired the veracity of being and then we went to breakfast at the range and then we drove to the back end of Bernalillo where it meets the pueblo and then I vacuumed the house and then I moved water off the road in a mini ditch system and then we went to bed early in the evening and I slept all night as I was tired from the night before.
Monday 22
Send off software to LightKeeper.  This is my first release and I credit Hb for getting me to send it to those guys early.  In the early afternoon I drove over to the PO to mail off my Caltech stuff I got from Ernie and Harvey Copass.  That is done.  Then I went for a ride up the hill to the dirt road and coasted back down in second gear to give my car a ride and a warm up.
Tuesday 23
Late in the day I figured out that the style information in SVG’s generated by HighCharts is writing out things 2 times.
Wednesday 24
Today I worked on getting the Jsdom test infrastructure in place along with looking in detail at the SVG generated by the browser and the SVG generated by Jsdom.  Clearly, these two SVG’s are different enough that the Jsdom SVG needs more work.  Late in the day Hb and I watched the movie called the Social Network on the story of the founding of the Facebook Corporation.
Thursday 25
Talk with Danny at 11am to wrap up the project.  He is going to send me a check.  At 4am I found the bug in JsDom that allows us now (finally) see the actual SVG in the browser.  I found the line of code that was outputting the Style information twice, once the Style information is only outputted once, then everything falls into place.  Although, the SVG is still not correct as of yet.
Friday 26
Hb and I went into town for the day after receiving a cord of wood.  Prior to doing that I finished my zrato.com website which is now very clean and simple and focused exclusively on Node.js.  It looks very cool.  Then we headed over to our favorite Indian restaurant next to the SunFlower Market.  The owner of the restaurant knows Hb.  Also, I walked over to the bank to get my first round of UI money.  From Indian food we headed off to the Fruit Basket for a little bag of green chiles for $2.99, and then Dillards, Border’s going out of Business, and the Apple store, followed by Keller’s and Trader Joe’s next to Borders and finally the SunFlower market.
Saturday 27
Some major cooking of turkey soup as James is coming over for lunch tomorrow.  Day 1 of Craigslist demo.
Sunday 28
James comes over for lunch at noon and stays till 3PM.  Hb came home from work around 2:30PM and hung out with us for 30 minutes before James took off.  Day 2 of Craigslist demo.
Monday 29
Hang out with Roy most of the day.  From breakfast till after lunch.  In the afternoon spend some time on Mongo.
Tuesday 30
Day 1 of Mongoose, I believe this to be an important aspect of both Node and Mongo.  At the end of the day, after going for a walk with Sherrie I figured it out.  The callback is now working on grabbing the cities using MONGOOSE from MongoDb.  We are well on our way to establishing Mongoose as our platform of choice for storing and retrieving data from a NoSQL database.
Wednesday 31
Dealt today with Yahoo accounts, and the whole data management nightmare that continues to, in a certain respect haunt my life.  But I got it under control, especially the Yahoo side of the world.  It was a bit of a multiple hour problem, but it is done and put to bed.  After that Hb made a nice green drink with red beets and then I tackled the Jade problem I was working on.  I also discovered an issue today in Jade, which I filed.  That is good news.  So, I now have a very simple web page talking to Mongoose via Express and Jade and when I update the database, on the next request the web page is updated as well.  I think the issue here in the past is that I was not closing out the connection after issuing the DAO call, and now I (believe) that we have this correct.  Keep having fun with your life in the world of Node.




September


Thursday 01
I got the Craig application now up and running and the Dao Mongoose things working.  This is all good news.  Also, most of the day was spent sending out resumes and updating my message.  I am focusing the current message on mongoDB.  Which I am clearly excited about now that I have Mongoose working.  I also did an interesting Query which pulls all of the cities first and then pumps that into the next Query which accepts a City.  All very cool stuff.
Friday 02
I am clearly understanding Node better and better as time goes on.  Today I got the unit tests integrated in with the Jade tests.  So I am grabbing data from the mongoDB using Mongooose and then generating out HTML via Jade.  Ideally what you want to have is a test database each time you do a schema update so you know what you are pulling and what HTML is getting generated.  First thing this morning I spoke to Peter Day.  He is coming to the realization that the farm as a business in the long term needs to make money for the farm to scale long term.  Then I spoke to Mother and Dad.  I have been trying to speak with them all week.  I explained to them the concept of Bcc.  In the afternoon I continued my job search sending out resumes to all of the folks who are hiring people on the Job board of the Node web site.
Saturday 03
Breakfast at the Flying Star near my house followed by a drive out towards Zuni on Hwy 53.  We spent about 2 hours at the Wolf preserve and then drove into Gallup and stayed at the LaQuinta inn.  We had dinner at Panz Allegre and learned at dinner that Panz means belly or paunch.
Sunday 04
Breakfast at Earl’s followed by a drive down to Zuni.  We saw the B&B there and walked around for awhile.  Hb bought something from a nice woman.  Two small animals called fetishes.  We then drove over to the Malpais National Monument and went for a short hike just before a huge rainstorm moved in.  Then we drove home and got home around 6PM.  It is 180 miles from Zuni to Placitas.
Monday 05
Mellow day at home.  Did yard work most of the day and went for a walk after that.  Hb made us a nice chicken dinner.
Tuesday 06
More work on the Craigslist demo.  Also, scheduled some appts for the rest of the week for potential work.  Heard back from Jeremy Zawodny at Craigslist that he is passing my email on to the CEO of Craigslist.
Wednesday 07
First day speaking with Yahoo.  I actually had a good talk but there is no way I am interested in working for them.  Especially not moving to California.  In the morning it rained.  I spoke to Peter about him signing up with his property manager.  It is funny, but yesterday Carol Bartz got fired from Yahoo, so it only seems appropriate that I would circle around Yahoo not only in their stock but as a potential employer.  They are betting the farm on Node.
Thursday 08
First conversation with Vinay Pulim and it went well.  Also, first day getting into integrating Reds into MongoDb.  Bought the domain names redfork.net and redfork.info as well.
Friday 09
A wild wooly blustery rainy Friday was in store right off the bat.  In the morning I had a long talk with Dad and then Iris called me as well.  They are going to South Carolina next summer and already are ready to plan their vacation for next summer.  I talked to a guy from a company called justin.tv and they are making a platform for professional video players who get paid money to play video games.  muy interesant.  Any way, they had a homework problem for me.  I downloaded this gigantic file that was 265 Megabytes and used a Node program that read CSV files to parse the file and come up with 3 “interesting” observations.  That took me the rest of the day from after I got off the phone with them at 1PM until about 9PM in the evening.  It turned out to be a fun little Node project that I actually kind of enjoyed in the end.  So a good day was had by all.
Saturday 10
Spoke to kathabela on Skype at 6am then Hb and I went for a walk.  Yesterday was cold and cloudy, and today is a repeat of the same thing.  But I am still walking around in shorts and a T-shirt.  Kids arrive late in the day and Malaya and I go for a walk.
Sunday 11
Mellow day at home.  We stack wood in the morning and then do some gardening inside.  Poetry series in the afternoon at the winery.
Monday 12
Long talk with Peter in the morning for 2 hours.  Start working on JSON interface to Mongodb search.
Tuesday 13
Bank in the morning followed by oil change at Pep Boys.  Walk up to Louisiana from Erna Ferguson library.  This was my old walk when I used to eat a sub at the store on the corner of San Pedro and Montgomery back when I was at JSI.  Then lunch with Rand at Weck’s followed by a nice hike in the Bosque with Rand and Jason.  Stopped by the Fruit Basket on the way home and picked up some green chile to make cabacellitos.
Wednesday 14
Made progress on writing craig data to mongo NOW via the Mongoose driver.  So, we have two ways to write craig data to mongo.  Either via the native driver or via the mongoose driver.  Spoke to Denis at Yahoo.  We had a really good talk.  And I believe I made the decision, see extra post, on why working at Yahoo is NOT the call.
Thursday 15
More work on redfork.  Late in the evening I took Lalo for a walk.  I talked to Mom and Dad today.
Friday 16
Finished up in a very nice way redfork prior to going to Colorado.  Its in really good shape (for now).  I have a search box up on the screen and am able to search across both titles and details.  And the search results look pretty as well.  This is great news.  Hb and I went for our normal early morning walk at 6am.  The rest of the day was really mellow.  I went for a long walk around noon.  It is my new walk.  Out Palomino all the way to the open space, then drop down into the creek, and back home passed Bill Patterson’s house.  I got home and cooked up the rest of the food.  Hb and I went for a nice walk in the evening.  We missed Globalquerque this year, but that is OK.  We listened to some of it on the radio.
Saturday 17
Beautiful ride up to Pagosa.  Along the way we stopped on Hwy 537 and looked at a rock wall.  It was very cool.  Got some gas in Dulce and then strode into Pagosa.  After arriving a huge rain storm came through town.  It was the final blow before a ridge of high pressure entered the Rocky Mtn’s southwest region.  We were out on a walk and saw the storm moving in.  We made it back to the Springs just in time.  It then poured.  Afterward we headed up to a Thai restaurant west of town where all of the restaurants are.  The lady, owner of the Thai restaurant, had moved to Pagosa about one year ago.  She was very nice and the meal was good.  We then went back home and walked along the wetlands / river.  We saw a wedding and the horse drawn carriage.  We proceeded on to the new athletic fields.  The evening was perfect and the light was absolutely heaven like.  It was a perfect setting.  We did hot tubs in the evening, and found the new “upper” tubs to be a perfect match for our mood and appetite.
Sunday 18
Beautiful day in Pagosa.  We got up and did our hot tub and then had breakfast at the Elkhorn.  We then went back to the room and headed out snowball road for our pilgrimage to the llamas and talk to mother nature.  The place is still pristine and untouched.  In fact, we walked up to the cabins and met the owner of the big ranch across the street from the llamas.  He is selling the place.  The cabins are beautiful and he wants to keep the land in tact.  I came back to the room and took a shower and then took a nap and read for a bit.  Then I walked across the street to the new addition / hotel and got on here to write this up. Hb went to get a massage and then afterwards we went to have a very nice dinner at the Italian place we have been to two other times in the past.  This time the food was great and Hb and I truly enjoyed the meal.  In fact, I got the special of pasta primavera and Hb got a meal of salmon cooked in a nice wine sauce.  After wards we went back and did our night time hot tub.  The sun was just setting and we saw light turn to dark.
Monday 19
We got to the tubs just as the first light of day was upon us.  By the time we left it was a full morning with out the sun.  By the time we walked to breakfast the sun was rising and Hb snapped off some good shots of the steam rising on the river.  We had breakfast at the Rose and our animated waitress Chandler added to the morning adventure.  She was a hit at the restaurant as she said the price was 6 and 3/4.   She got a kick out that each time she said it, and so did I.  We drove up over Wolf Creek pass and the day was glorious.  We stopped on the other side for Hb to take a break and me to take it in.  I was very impressed with the Valley coming into the San Luis Valley.  I want to go back there and check it out.  It is very nice.  It is the western / southern part of the valley tucked in the corner as you come out of Del Norte and/or near there.  We got gas in Poncha Springs and it was the cheapest gas I have seen the whole trip since buying gas in Dulce.        We bought chips in Leadville at the Safeway and sat outside Xcel energy and ate our little lunch of chips and a banana.   From there we went on to Vail, checked into the Tivoli lodge and then proceeded to walk around Vail.  It is nice here.  But we did not enjoy the fact that there is no place to eat.  We ended up eating at the cheapest place in town which was Blu's and I had a chicken parmagiana and Hb had meat loaf.  It was the low point of our vacation, as it is a big bummer that Vail has no place to eat.  I went for a late night walk down the valley east and hoped and prayed the bears did not come out to attack me.  I definitely felt the bear energy.
Tuesday 20
We got up pretty early, I went for a short walk and then we headed over to the Turntable for breakfast in Minturn.  I had the biggest pancakes of my life and Hb had eggs with green chile.  Todo bien.  After wards we headed over to Beaver Creek.  We went for a nice hike up on the mountain.  It was fun.  We then stopped by the chapel and checked it out.  It is in the nice part of Beaver Creek up against the mountains where Jerry Ford used to live.  We came back to Minturn and had lunch at the BBQ place.  We both had pulled chicken.   Came back home to Vail and then at sunset we hung out in the library and then walked home.  Vail is lovely, and it was fun spending a couple of days there.  I went for a short walk at the end of the day and that was it.
Wednesday 21
I had a great walk in the morning.  I walked back to where I had been the other night but this time I headed down into Ford Park, then into the nature center and finally on to the golf course.  It was a nice morning and I enjoyed my walk very much.  Nice breakfast at the hotel.  I left a good tip and the total was $40.  Afterwards we went over to the library and hung out for awhile.  I read and caught up on some business magazines I had not read in awhile.  We came back to the hotel, packed up and then drove off into the sunset.  They are always working on I70 and this time was no different.  As we drove over Vail Pass the whole thing was just one lane.  And the drive up to the Eisenhower tunnel is too much.  We stopped on the other side of the tunnel and listened to the roar of I70 over our left over chicken and corn bread.  On the roar of I70, I have not been to Vail in many years but the I70 background noise makes Minturn the call if you want to hang out in the population centers of the Eagle River Valley and/or the National Forest.  We arrived at Luke's house and I hung for awhile and then we went out to dinner at the Vietnamese restaurant with Jason.
Thursday 22
The weather has been fantastic here !  All week basically perfect weather.  Today was no different.  We drove over to Wild Eggs which is in the Washington Park neighborhood.  We went for a short walk and then had lunch with Jerry, Anne, and Ben.  For five people with a tip the whole brunch was $80.  It was well worth it from a karma point of view and Jerry and Anne have been extremely warm family to me over the years.  It was a great lunch and we discussed the class Jerry is teaching which is Bipolar in the key political figures of the past 100 years.  We brought up an interesting point as to whether someone can just be manic or "hyper" but all in all a good time was had by all.
Afterwards, Ben took us back to his place to show us his nice apartment and then Hb and I headed over to Washington Park to walk around.  We had a nice afternoon.  Luke and Ashley made us a night dinner of tacos.  We hung outside and ate, it was a beautiful evening.  Afterwards, we took Jason back to his house as he had just sold a car and needed a ride home.
Friday 23
Hb and Luke went to take Jason to work and go out to breakfast and I stayed home and mellowed out.  I also took a nice nap.  They came home and we went for a nice long walk around Standley Lake with the dogs.  Bullet is a whacko, but he loved the water.  He jumps in the water like a dolphin and has a great time.  The day was gorgeous, sunny and clear.  It was a perfect day in the Denver area.  We could see all the way to Boulder and the mountains.  The open space around Arvada is gorgeous.  We had a nice lunch of Indian food at a place on 88th street.  The buffet was $10 and we enjoyed.  But Indian food is very rich and heavy.  I love Indian food, but it is a big chore to digest over the day.  Late in the day just prior to sunset I walked around the ditches in Luke’s hood.  As the sun was setting I pondered my life and got into a nice phase of existence.  Denver is a beautiful area to visit, and I am learning my way around there better.  The Washington Park area is also nice but much more urban.  All in all we had a very nice autumn trip to Colorado.
Saturday 24
Our drive home was good.  We had breakfast in Pueblo and walked around the Chile festival downtown which is close to our favorite breakfast place called the daily grind.  We tried to take a nap in Raton but a guy came out from his house and told us to go sleep somewhere else, “a park nearby.” This was an interesting thing, and I believe mainly tells us about how difficult some people in the world have it.  Just take it at that.  It is once again a great lesson in not taking things in life personally.  Clearly that guy is having a hard day or a hard life, and its not your stuff.  We had a Dairy Queen in Las Vegas.  That is all we had to eat.  And it did not mess me up.  But it did get me home.  We got gas just south of Santa Fe in our normal place for $3.16.  Oil prices have really come off with the market.  So, luckily it made the trip a big cheaper on the driving front.  After arriving home, I saw Sherrie driving by, and I talked to her for a moment.  It is good to be back home.  We live in a nice place.
Sunday 25
We had a nice day at home today.  Very mellow.  I got things organized from the trip and Hb did some laundry.  We made some turkey sausage, frozen cabbage, turkey broth carrot soup.  After dinner we went for a walk with Sherrie.  It was a simply beautiful evening.
Monday 26
Started off the morning with our 6AM walk.  Then I did a bit of work and went on walk number two via Palomino Drive.  I talked to Peter Day and then spent the rest of the day trying to start D3.  I am excited about D3 and have plenty of work to do on this front.  This will be the second major round of D3 work.  The first being the work I did with Danny and Bill at Lightkeeper.
Tuesday 27
Big day of work, I was able to magically and luckily figure out how to download historical stock data from both Yahoo and Google.  I realized that Google allows downloaded spreadsheets and my client wwwdude works.  It automagically downloads the data, this is FANTASTIC news.  The solution is very clean.  I spoke to my mom earlier in the day.  She is doing well.  Now I need to move on and figure out how to visualize this data using D3 and possibly Highcharts.
Wednesday 28
Talk with Vinay at MileWise to get the ball rolling.  Stay tuned for updates on this project.  I kick the ball down the road and start writing a spec.  Earlier in the day I cleaned up my Yahoo portfolio.  It is the first time that the portfolio is organized and actually makes sense.  Got the BioGrid rest service up and running in the wwwdude code.  This was as trivial as putting the REST Url inside the wwwdude request code.
Thursday 29
First day of work for MileWise.  Pretty much got the spec in order.  Also, started working once again on Biology, especially the BioGrid work and understanding more how all of this stuff works.  Of all people, it was Aaron Task from from Yahoo who first really turned me on to the attention of Occupy Wall Street.  This appears to be a big deal, stay tuned.
Friday 30
Day 2 trying to finish up the spec for MileWise.  Starting to understand the problem better.  In the early morning I sent off the home page link to Vinay so he could take a look at it over the weekend.  Heard back from him, we are in good shape.  I went for a long walk in the late morning and then spent the rest of the day finishing up round one of the spec.


October


Saturday 01
Spent some time looking at Cytoscape and more Biology stuff.  Hb and I went to Sue’s sons Eric funeral where they buried the ashes.  At the end of the ceremony I talked to Eric’s cousin who came out from NYC.  He had not seen Eric since high school.  Hb and I then went and got some tortillas and stopped by my house to pick up my winter sleeping bag and clothes.  We had dinner at the Flying Star and sat outside with Nancy, Lou and a friend of Nancy’s Terry who was from the west end of Pittsburgh.  Afterwards we went to the Abq Museum to hear a free talk by a Buddhist teacher on a concept called happiness.  Happiness is defined as having peace of mind.
Sunday 02
Hb and I went to the “luxury” home tour in the afternoon.  In the morning we cleaned the house.  It was mellow day at home capped off with a delicious salmon dinner Hb made.
Monday 03
Took Lalo for the first time on my long walk.  First day checking out Biological pathways and Reactome.  As I noted in last Thursday’s post, Occupy Wall Street is gaining momentum and now everywhere on the National Media scene.  The Reactome Book is very, very cool.  It has all the proteins for all the pathways which is exactly what I want.
Tuesday 04
Got a response back from Vinay that he is trying to cut a deal with ITA and close it by the end of this week.  This is good news, as he is still thinking about me and it looks like I will indeed get their software.  Start working on mongode.
Wednesday 05
Dr Bell for teeth cleaning, Valerie cleans my teeth and Shauna is the name of the receptionist.  I went to the banks, Whole Foods and Trader Joe’s and then went home.  Start getting the MileWise tests understood and up and running.  Steve Jobs died today.  It is very funny, or ironic, that while I was at Dr. Bell’s office I read an article about Steve Job’s in the Newsweek sitting in his office. "Remembering that I will be dead soon is the most important tool I have ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life.  Because almost everything all external expectations all pride all fear of embarrassment or failure
these things just fall away in the face of death leaving only
what is truly important. There is no reason not to follow your heart."
Thursday 06
The quote by Steve Jobs motivated me to send out an email and some pictures of him last evening.  Massive security account switch, you know what I am talking about.  It only took one hour.  I am now ‘officially’ up and running on the Mac with the MileWise code.  All of the tests pass.  This is freakin great news !
Friday 07
I wrote the code to take in seasons and months and successfully am writing the queries to Mongo along with generating the trips in the next step.  I sent Vinay an email at the end of the day and I am happy.  It rained for 24 hours, it was incredible.  Also, spent part of the morning looking for Ruby.  I finally found her up on the hill.  Ty and Barb were happy as they had been driving around the neighborhood all morning.
Saturday 08
Great day in Santa Fe with Gabe and Malaya.  We started out at the Farmer’s Market and I got this incredible bread with a crust to die for.  And I do not say those words very often.  It was this HUGE gigantic bread that they would cut pieces off.  It is kind of interesting that the bread is so good that they weigh it and sell it buy the pound --- instead of like other normal breads.  Also, I had a ton of left over hot chocolate from Gabe and Malaya.  We then walked over to our favorite map store and hung out there for a bit then on to the Eldorado Hotel for a short break then on to the Plaza.  Hb and I danced on the plaza and a great little God band played and some girls danced a Hawaiian.  Also, I got to have a nice short conversation in Spanish with an artist from Northern New Mexico who I think parents are from Mexico.  We then headed up into the mountains.  We went for a walk on Aspen Vista.  Last night we got about 4 - 6 inches of snow.  It was a glorious afternoon.  Probably one of the highlights of me being home from Argentina.  The mountains are fabulous and it was my first time up in the Sangre’s outside of Santa Fe since being back.  Except for our time at Peter Olson’s wedding a couple of months ago.  The snow and the Aspen colors and the light of day late in the afternoon was very nice.  See the associated pictures.  Afterwards we went to our favorite Thai restaurant in Santa Fe and then headed home.  Diana did not get home from Texas until late in the night.  Hb and I went to bed and was awoken at 10:15am by the lights of Diana’s car pulling away.  It was a great day and the kids are very cool.
Sunday 09
Up early in the morning working on finding out about investors in MileWise.  I signed up for an  account on AngelList.com.  Hb, Cherie and I went for a walk up the canyon towards Overlook.  Did a bunch of winter clothes laundry I brought over from my shed.  Talked to David Boxwell, a friend of Kathabela’s about his upcoming trip to Buenos Aires.  The name of the bus book is called Guia-T.  I lived in Belgrano.
Monday 10
Shipped off first code to Vinay.  This is good news.  I talked to Lionel today on Skype.
Tuesday 11
More work on MileWise = MW.
Wednesday 12
Hb did errands during the day and I worked all day on MileWise.  In the afternoon I did my BIG normal walk on Palomino.
Thursday 13
Third conversation with Vinay, and Seye was on the phone as well.  Went over some architecture stuff for my project.  It was a short 20 minute call.  I went for a walk afterwards to my normal spot, although this time, for the first time, I made a left instead of a right and headed out for the first time down to Antonito Road, or whatever it is called.
Friday 14
Mellow day at home.  Pack for trip.
Saturday 15
Stop at the Sevelleta National Wildlife Refuge for a break.  Lunch in T or C at the Coyote Cafe run by the two girls from England with an accent.  Spend the night at the Elephant Butte Inn.  Late in the day we walked down to the lake.
Sunday 16
Early morning walk down to the Lake.  Large buffet breakfast at the Inn.  Met a guy who sat next to us who knows Ted Turner.  Arrive at Peter’s mid afternoon.
Monday 17
Over to the farm.  Mellow afternoon.  Andy comes over for dinner.
Tuesday 18
Hike with Andy on the Dragon Fly Trail just outside of Bayard via the Arenas Valley Road.
Wednesday 19
Hike with Andy out to the National Forest boundary.  Lunch with Andy and Peter at the Kumquat.  Dinner with Andy at Peter’s house.
Thursday 20
Went into town and walked around.  Lunch at Vicky’s.  Walk in the afternoon around Peter’s house.  Final dinner of our trip.  Nice talk about Moon rocks and spectrums of truth.
Friday 21
Early morning poem from Kathabela re: Tom Bilicke about Dylan’s sonnet.  A very nice way to start out the morning.  Drove home and met Stuart Watts at the Aldo Leopold forest vista.  Lunch at the campground 15 miles west of Reserve.  I think it is called Cottonwood.  Lunch in Socorro on the Plaza at our favorite spot.  Home to ABQ, shopping at TJ’s and the SunFlower.  We got home about 7PM.  The sun was setting as we exited TJ’s.
Saturday 22
Hb and I cleaned the house and I did some work.  In the evening we went to a star party at the Placitas Public Library.
Sunday 23
Poetry party in the evening, met Chuck and Pamela who threw the party.  It was near the homeless shelter Hb and I helped start on Candelaria.  Earlier in the day I went for a hike with James and Shannon.  This was my first time meeting Shannon.  Vinay and I worked out my compensation over email.
Monday 24
Starting to work on understanding GIT in the context of MW.
Tuesday 25
Into town to buy tires at Pep Boys.  Long walk from PB up to where my dentist’s office is and back.  Also got an alignment.
Wednesday 26
Sent off code to Vinay.  The new implementation with search.executeQuery().  Susan and David Gutt came over late in the day to hang out and Hb had to do some minor surgery on David.  It was a cloudy rainy day all day.  Another day of rain really helps.
Thursday 27
Fourth conversation with Vinay, this time about business issues and strategy at MileWise.  Working on the integration piece between my code and Seye’s notification stuff.
Friday 28
It was cold in the morning but by the late afternoon I was sitting at the table sweating in the sun.  What a life here in Placitas.  I got some good work done today and went for a nice long walk.  I am happy.  I spoke to Jerry Angerman this morning who is in rehab from 2 knee replacements.  Also, I spoke to Rand.  Today is Jim Sigman’s birthday.
Saturday 29
James and I hung out in the morning at the house of Pam Dunbar.  She died one year ago today.  Jeremy, Leah, and their two children were at the house.  Miranda is four months pregnant and Hannah is now 15 years old.  I was at their house to 1:30PM.  James and I headed up on the hill and talked for a long while walking up there and walking back.  It was a glorious day with 3 or 4 red tailed hawks.  Later in the day Michele and I went to the SunFlower market and then on to the Halloween party of her friends on Guadalupe Trail.  Nina and Angie were there and we had a good time hanging out together.
Sunday 30
Mellow day, was not on the computer all day good.  We went to hear Howard McCord at the Anasazi Winery.  It was one of the best poetry readings I had ever heard.  Afterwards, Hb dropped me off on the way home, and I walked for the first time down the pipeline road which continues on to Hohokum.  We had a nice dinner of fish.
Monday 31
First checkin of MileWise code after working w/ Vinay during the day to get some code fixed.  Check in triprec.  Went for a walk afterwards.  Looks like tomorrow is going to be the last warm day over 70 degrees.  It is going to quickly be going down to under 60.  Turned on the heat today in the morning.


November


Tuesday 01
Full day of work.  I worked on better understanding the API into the individual airline sources and discovered that Continental merged into United.  At the very end of the day when Hb got home I actually started getting some real work done.  And tomorrow morning I made some good progress.  I am now able to pull the Award’s directly with out getting the Cash and Points stuff.  I am only getting the Miles stuff.
Wednesday 02
Early in the morning I got my search.js up and running with the flex awards and fares pulled separately.  Hb drove into town and I followed soon there after.  Hb got her car fixed and we did a bunch of errands.  First we went to Costco and I bought some pants.  Then on to the Mexican Grocery store followed by Target and Lowe’s.  Then a free Groupon lunch at Mykynos which was nice.  Hb had a half a chicken and I had a small pasta dish.  Afterwards we went to Trader Joe’s and then I headed home.  Hb and I went for a big walk and the afternoon was absolutely glorious.
Thursday 03
Second Milewise checkin reflecting the new getFuncList() in search.js --- temporarily called triprecsearch.js
Friday 04
Hb locks her keys in her car and I drive into town.  I bought ground meat at the Merc on the way home.  Dad has a computer problem where he can not see the menu items, in the end the solution was ALT-F.  I spoke to Iris on the phone, it has been awhile.  Elizabeth is applying to Allegheny College in Meadville, Pa.  I am starting to check more code into Milewise and today I did a tripreclogger and also got the notifier process to stay up and running all the time.  I like this solution better than cron jobs.
Saturday 05
Cold windy, rainy, snowy day at home.  This was the first major winter day.  We had a fire all day.  Hb went to Yoga in the morning and I took it easy.  I cooked a big vegetable dish in the mid afternoon and then went on a long cold walk in the open space.  The sun is setting far to the south and so the sun is pointing north towards the Jemez.  As I looked out over the mountains the sun rays and landscape was gorgeous.  In the evening Hb and I watched the Movie Volver with Penelope Cruz who was born the same month and year as Jason Booth.  The movie was good and we enjoyed the Spanish and the culture.
Sunday 06
Fantastic day.  We drove around the North Valley with Diana Martin and hit most of the Los Ranchos studio tour houses.  It was a beautiful late autumn day.  The Guadalupe street area is very nice south of Paseo.  Back to Diana’s to get some stuff out of my shed and take Muffy for a walk.  Then we went to the Range for an early dinner.
Monday 07
Worked all day on the notifier for triprec.  Spoke to Jan Hauser in the morning.  Late in the afternoon James came over to bring us a TV converter box for Luke for Thanksgiving.  It was a cloudy, rainy, cold day.
Tuesday 08
More progress on MileWise.  The triprecnotifier is working, and now I need to add a new message type of triprec.  Hb and I went for a walk late in the day.  It was very cold and windy.  Winter is here.
Wednesday 09
Hb was home during the day and then went to Thomas’s and dropped me off at my new walk spot back home.  I am learning that way back home.  Today I did the arroyo back home and then shot up on the hill and dropped into the Cedar Creek mailboxes.  Came home and Ty is doing a new project on his house, adding on an extra room.  So he asked me to take Lalo for a walk around the block.  Hb came home and we went for another walk.
Thursday 10
Back to trying to get Milewise up and running on my Milewise Amazon EC2.  Long walk late in the evening after dark.
Friday 11
Amazon all day, I used my account to try and get MileWise up and running, but clearly do not have all of the pieces in place.  That is why at the very end of the day as day turned to night I sent an email off to Vinay asking for an explanation of how everything works.  Met Andrew, our neighbor for the first time and talked again with Judy.
Saturday 12
Started the day off in Placitas at Hb’s patients house who lives across the arroyo from the winery.  It was my first time up on that rock ledge / ridge overlooking the winery across the arroyo.  Hb’s patients entrance is off the HWY just before the overlook turn off.  It is cool to get a perspective on this area.  We drove to Santa Fe and I did the Dale Ball trail system for the first time from the Parking lot at the end of upper canyon road all the way to Hyde Park road and back down the ditch to Cerro Gordo.  Then Hb and I went and bought some Uggs for her for Christmas and then we went to the COOP to huzer down on some food while Hb shopped.  We went to TJ’s and then came home.  It was a gorgeous day and the weather was changing at the end of the day.
Sunday 13
Kind of a cloudy day, cleaned the house in the morning and I am now learning about reverse proxies, namely HAProxy which we use at MileWise and also nginx which is also a proxy.  Basically, proxy and reverse proxy are the same thing.  This is all in preparation for the upcoming week in which for the first time in my life I will have the technology to see the whole MileWise web site from my very own machines.
Monday 14
Got the email from Vinay and started to get the MileWise Web UI up and running.  I worked on this all day.
Tuesday 15
I got up very early in the morning around 1AM, and at 3:47AM I sent out an email to Vinay saying I was up and running on a scratch Amazon instance.  Better yet, the t1.micro Amazon instance which the website runs on is FREE, because of an Amazon promotion or something.  This is the first time since starting to work at MileWise on Sep 28, 2011 that I have the web site up and running.  Prior to this, I was just doing back end server side calls to run a MileWise query.
Wednesday 16
I went for a walk with David and Susan Gutt and afterwards I hung out at their house and drank a beer with their neighbor Kevin who I had never met before.  I did’nt actually drink the beer, but just sat and looked at the mountains on this gorgeous afternoon.  James Dunbar comes over in the evening to hang out and drop off the remote for the TV box.  Also, he came up with a theory that the Big Bang really never happened, it was just a continuum from the previous collapse of a previous universe and this cycle has continued forever.  In other words, the universe has ALWAYS been here.
Thursday 17
Early this morning I sent off an email to Vinay requesting I do the UI side of the triprec project.  I got the go ahead from him today to do it.  And so now I am officially working on the UI for MileWise tambien.  Long talk with Peter today and yesterday about the conversation he was going to have with Doug about the farm books and how to make the company more profitable going forward.
Friday 18
First day of working on the MileWise UI full time.  Last evening Vinay sent me the UI spec for the TripRec procedure.  Talked to Daddy during the day and Mother in the evening as Hb went to a drumming circle at Dawn and Michael’s house.  Just at dusk I went for a long walk up past Indian Flats.
Saturday 19
Hb goes to Yoga in the morning and I buy a razor and chains on line.  We hang out all day with Angie and Adelina.  First at the Placitas Holiday Fair and then they came over to our house for dinner.  We had a very nice evening with a fire and crisp conversation.  Hb made a beautiful Thai dinner and we had tea and hot chocolate for dessert.  Earlier in the day at the Placitas Elementary school I got a chance to meet David Vega Chavez a water color painter who also lived in LA and was a dance choreographer earlier in his career.
Sunday 20
In the morning I worked outside in shorts and 2 Tshirts.  It was that warm this time of year, I love this weather.  I also discovered that I can cut and paste whole paragraphs from Spanish periodicos and revistas into Google Translate.  This is great for reading.  I cleaned out the trunk of my car, I do not think I have done that since before I went to California.  I love doing that stuff.  In the early afternoon I drove into the village for the holiday fair.  First stop was the library.  I bought 6 cupcakes for a dollar, gave three away and ate 3 cupcakes.  Then I parked at the post office and walked over to the Mission de San Antonio for a small art fair.  Then I went back into town and talked to a captain of the Fire Trucks and Engines.  One fire truck costs about 250K.  Then finally I talked to Dan who sells furniture at the Placitas Mini Mart.  It was an absolutely perfect day.  He said the folks of the Mini-Mart need to spend 75K to get their septic system back up and running.  I went home and Hb and I went for a long walk around the big block.  We saw Kevin along the way and talked to him for a bit.
Monday 21
Work all day on UI stuff.  Talked to Scott late in the day for my birthday.  Got a call from Steph saying he and Teresa were going to head down south towards Silver City.  They were planning on spending the night here tonight and tomorrow night.  It was a cold cloudy day here and I went for a short walk in the mid afternoon and then took a shower and then talked to mother and dad briefly.  They sang their annual Happy Birthday song and they were sounding good.
Tuesday 22
More fun work on attempting to understand how the UI works.
Wednesday 23
A perfect weather day, I went for a walk late in the day.  In the evening I figured out that Python was reading the Db and then putting the data on the screen.  The data was not coming back on the channel.  The channel is only used for writing data to Mongo.  Went into town earlier in the day for food for tomorrow and firstly stopped off at the DMV to get a new drivers license which they will send me in the mail.
Thursday 24
Gorgeous day at home.  Prepared the turkey and the food for the big day.  Rand, Tessie, Luke, and Ashley.  Rand and I went for a big walk up on the north hill after dinner and got back home just at sunset.  Then I went for another long walk after those guys left and Hb, Luke and Ashley watched a movie.
Friday 25
Breakfast with Roy at the Range.  It was a rainy morning as I drove into Bernalillo.  After breakfast I headed home and worked in the afternoon.  Hb went shopping with Luke, Ashley, Gabe and Malaya.
Saturday 26
Up at 4am to do more work on Mw UI.  We went for a walk up Apache Canyon.  It is a beautiful spot.  Then we came home and James met us at our house for lunch.  Then I took the dogs for another big hike out into the open space.
Sunday 27
Luke and Ashley go back home to Colorado.  Hb and I hang out around the house and clean.
Monday 28
First day back to work after a nice working Thanksgiving holiday.
Tuesday 29
Long talk with Stephen Landau in the evening.  It was the first time I spoke to him since he was at our house in the summer of 2008 after he had finished Rabbinical school and prior to moving to Connecticut to be a rabbi.
Wednesday 30
Long talk with Peter in the evening.


December


Thursday 01
Massively windy day.  Spoke to Nick Meyer today about the UI.  He fixed some things for me and I did a new download and saw his new stuff.  The conversation went very well and he was extremely nice.
Friday 02
Started working on the AJAX create for triprec.  Nick Meyer checks backbone.js into GIT, and I believe this could be a nice new tool in your bag of tricks.
Saturday 03
Fourth Street in the morning to see Diana’s art show.  Followed by a concert with Sue at Highland High School.  Then Hb and I went shopping and had a scary drive home after dark in the snow.  After getting home we went for a glorious walk in the snow.  It was a long beautiful walk with fresh snow.
Sunday 04
Hb and I went over to the church for Diana’s art fair.  I talked to Glen for awhile.  Late in the day we went for a walk with Sherry.
Monday 05
It was a very COLD winter day.  I never left the house and Hb went to work.  I am working on the API for MileWise that gets called indirectly from AJAX via the api.js file.  Talked to Peter early in the day.
Tuesday 06
Finished up round one of triprec.js file.  Vinay sent me an email outlining what the next version of triprec should look like.  Went for a walk at the end of the day --- and walked up the hill and back down the hill near Katrina’s house.  It was COLD, but not too cold for a nice winter weather walk.  I did not go out at all on Monday, showing how the first winter blast of the season set me inside my house.  As I have probably said before here, this is my first winter in four or five years.  After a nice walk I came back home to learn that I had to install sass on my machine.  LUCKILY, ubuntu now makes it easy.  Ruby is now just a one liner from apt-get.  I remember when it used to be more difficult.  Then again, I only needed Ruby and not Rails.  And sass luckily comes out of the box with just Ruby and one gem install of sass.  This could have taken me hours but luckily it all worked in five minutes.  The story of my life.
Wednesday 07
Sent off emails to Bill Macready, Joe Roth, and Becky Peterhansen to check in and see how they were doing.  Sending off an email to Bill marks a good thing in my life as I have been thinking about him for a long time but have not, “as my sister” says, gotten on the phone and called.  So, I am reaching out to Bill at this time of the year which was my plan anyway.  Got an immediate response from Becky, she is right on the mark.
Thursday 08
I reached the summit today.  After 9 weeks of working at Milewise, I started working there on September 28, 2011 which is Luke’s birthday.  I got up in the browser today everything I needed and I believe I understand things better now.  I am able to get, create, and delete triprecs via the UI.  Now Nick will take this stuff and make it pretty.  Went for a walk late in the day and saw George out on the road.  He is playing tomorrow night at the Pinion.
Friday 09
Good progress on Milewise.  I am in really good shape, I now need to move on to Phase II, which is building a one to many mapping for the triprec to query.
Saturday 10
Lunch at the Range, Mary Davis Christmas gathering, had some great Red chile.  The movie “My Week with Marilyn Monroe” followed by the Christmas party at Dave Foreman’s and Nancy Marton.
Sunday 11
We had John, Maggie, and Mary over for a very nice lunch of Thai soup and chicken.  Mary was Hb’s patient.  Very nice people.
Monday 12
Cold rainy snowy day, did not leave the compound.  Long talk with Peter about “accepting where you are at”.
Tuesday 13
Repeat of yesterday, boy we can certainly use the wet moisture we are getting.
Wednesday 14
Long walk in the early afternoon along with dumping ashes out and dealing with some compost issues.
Thursday 15
Sent my first invoice to Vinay after completing the Browser Based UI for the new world order of the one to many mapping.
Friday 16
Spoke to Mom and Dad late in the afternoon.  Peter arrived around 4:30PM.  I went for a walk around noon and then came home and took a shower.  Earlier in the day I got the triprec-run function working.  I sent Vinay off an invoice late last night.  It was my first one.  It was a big step for me, and an incentive to do it prior to Peter arriving.  He had advised me as my professional coach to do it a long time ago, but I balked.  I went to bed early Thursday night, woke up at like 10PM, and worked for awhile sending out the invoice and searching around for neighborhoods in Miami.
Saturday 17
Mellow day at home.  Peter and I and Hb hung out and had a nice dinner.  I went for a walk in the early afternoon up the ridge to the Overlook.  I had not done that walk since I have been back from Argentina.  Andy and I did it many years ago.
Sunday 18
We went to see the play the house of spirits by Isabel Allende and it brought up a lot of emotions for us all.  Lunch at Il Vicino prior to the play, we stopped at the Mexican grocery store prior to going home.
Monday 19
The Triprec UI is (finally) up and running.  Nick wired it up over the past couple of days and we are now good to go.  It was a snowy day here all day.  Peter left early in the morning and made it home safely, and got stuck in his parents driveway.  I had a fire all day and went for a walk after everyone else left.
Tuesday 20
Work out the details of a mileage threshold for the triprec results.  I need to do a flexible search to get back the matrix instead of the TripMap.
Wednesday 21
Went into town to go grocery shopping.  Also, bought Sparkling Cider at Smith’s for Rand’s party on Sunday.  Went to Trader Joe’s and the SunFlower Market before heading over to Rand’s.  I had a one hour talk with Tessie.  In the evening we headed over to the church for the solstice poetry reading.  Afterwards I met the new pastor Drew who lived seven years in BA.  Also talked to Peter and Pam and Reid.  We had a nice evening.
Thursday 22
Final day of work at MileWise for this year.  I got my shit working and am looking forward to a nice long break.  It was snowy and windy here all day and I did not even go out for a walk.  There was just enough sun for about one hour to do some laundry.
Friday 23
Made my reservation to Fort Myers early in the morning.
Saturday 24
Drove to SantaFe with Hb.  Lunch at Whole Foods.  Check in to hotel.  Walk up to La Posada.  Take a nap.  Dinner at Pranzo with Peter Day.  Peter takes us back to hotel and we go for a farolito walk on Canyon Road and Acequia Madre.  Walk up to my old house and they were having a small party.  Things look the same.  Back past old SFI and stop by a gallery with a great photographer.  Hb heard a woman singing French music which was impressive.
Sunday 25
Brunch at hotel.  Long walk to old ultimate frisbee spot on the west side of town.  Rand’s party at 4PM.  Walked around the open space near his house prior to party.
Monday 26
Andy and I go on a long hike out in to the open space.
Tuesday 27
Mellow day at home.  Andy and I go for a walk late in the day.  Earlier in the day I worked on my estimated taxes.  James came over for dinner and he had two beers, Andy had one, and I had a sip.  We also figured out all of the problems of the world.
Wednesday 28
I bought my new Apple computer, a MacBook Pro at the Apple Store.  Also went shopping for this upcoming weekends festivities.  MileWise first deposit, this was great news.
Thursday 29
Long walk up to the Overlook via the opposite ridge up.
Friday 30
Peter and I go to the Saffron Tiger Indian restaurant next to SunFlower and have a nice drive home by way of Corralles.  Hb and I go for a nice walk at dusk.  Long talk with David Friedman earlier in the day.
Saturday 31
Lou, Nancy, Angie, Peter New year’s Eve party.


January 2012


Sunday 01
Mike and Megan bring over Tamales for a nice New Years Day celebration.  They drank wine and we talked a lot about our lives over the past period of time.  Also, studied some new Spanish words.
Monday 02
Peter Day drives back home to Silver City.