2013


January


Tuesday 01
First day of the year !  Got up at 6am and started working.  I am leaving for Ca next Saturday and want to get lots of things completed before arriving.  George and Cheri over for lunch.  We had lox and bagels with turkey soup.  George turned us onto a show called Lillehammer which we started watching.  Its about a mob guy who got into the witness protection program and moved to Norway.  Talked to Luke in the afternoon about possibly starting a LLC to invest in rental houses.
Wednesday 02
Propane guy comes and fills up our tank.  We are using 120 gallons of propane a month equalling 4 gallons a day at current prices of two bucks a gallon that is 8 dollars a day.  Went to Walmart late morning to drop off some cash, then hit the library on the way home.
Thursday 03
Short walk in the mid afternoon up the north hill then buried some ashes in the ground.
Friday 04
Hb hung out in the morning and went into town for a bit in the afternoon.  I had a nice talk with Peter this morning.  He decided to rent his house out to Pablo for $500 per month.  We figured out that it was the wireless router and not the modem that was getting jammed up from the Roku Netflix feed, which makes total sense it would be it, and not the Qwest modem.
Saturday 05
Hb went to yoga and dropped me off at the end of Las Huertas and I climbed the BIG hill, and walked all the way down the ridge to a street called “Atole” where I then walked up the street a drop and then dropped into Orno creek and walked home.  It was a lovely walk.  The thermometer of Hb’s car said 16 degrees when I got out of the car.  Everything was covered except my face, and so bringing a mask, 2 masks, to Lake Tahoe will be in order.  Afterwards we had lunch on Lomas and Broadway at a restaurant called Taqueria Mexico.  It was our first time there and I loved it.  I had the menudo and we sat at the table at the door and the sun shined into our seat.  It was great and cheap.  Then we drove down to Peralta and I took Hb on the grand tour that I took Peter on.  Then we parked our car and went for a walk on the ditch.  It was a cold sunny winter day en Nuevo Mexico.  It was lovely, and we saw some cranes too.  Afterwards we drove through the South Valley and stopped for the first time at the Ranch Market.  The place opened just around the time I left NM and moved to LA.  So, I had not been there.  Diana and Glen told us about the place when we were at their house on Christmas eve.  It is an original, large very cool Mexican grocery store.
Sunday 06
Mellow day at home.  I never left the house even though it was a beautiful day.  I wanted to finish up my work so I would have a week off starting tomorrow when the work was done.  You deserve this time off !!
Monday 07
I am done with my work until next Monday after arriving in Ca.
Tuesday 08
First day of no work and vacation.  Spent the day doing nothing, which is hard but I need more practice.  A gorgeous sunny day.  Late in the day John and I went for a walk up around the crest of montezuma parking at the kinder morgan parking lot.
Wednesday 09
Worked on packing for my trip.  Spoke to Iris, Peter Day and Mom and Dad.  At the end of the day Hb and I went for a walk around the block, and then I did the short loop around the open space and got home just at dark.
Thursday 10
It has been a very interesting week psychologically in preparation for this journey.  Opportunity lies in the face of destruction.
Friday 11
Final day of awe prior to lift off.
Saturday 12
Hb takes me to the airport at 10AM, we drop off the garbage.  Flight from San Diego to SFO was marvelous.  Super shuttle was mellow, I was the first one dropped off.  $26 from SFO to Palo Alto.  Nice dinner with Lionel and Maria at the Fish Market.
Sunday 13
Train to San Jose at 9:17, arrive at 9:51.  Nice little breakfast at a Mexican Wienershnitzel building restaurant.  French onion soup at Brian’s for lunch.  Walk around their block. Catch the 5PM train back home to Palo Alto.  Walk down University to Cowpers.
Monday 14
Work at DogPatch Labs in Palo Alto on the corner of Lytton and High Street.  Breakfast at Whole Foods.
Tuesday 15
Lunch with Gregg Williams in Mtn View at a Crepe place.  Worked today at 500 Startups downtown Mtn View.  Took the train back to Palo Alto with Eric Rosenberg who is taking a job at Twitter. He is a friend of Justin’s.
Wednesday 16
We had a nice pizza lunch out in downtown Palo Alto.  Some folks drank beer and I sat in the sun at our table and had a nice time.
Thursday 17
Dinner with Lionel and Maria.  Lionel picked me up at 5PM.  They made homemade pasta and I stayed at their house till 10PM.
Friday 18
Final day of work in Palo Alto.  I walked over to Whole Foods for a late lunch.  In the evening we watched Mark Cuban’s show Shark Tank. 
Saturday 19
Drive up to South Lake Tahoe with Marek and Adam.  We left Silicon Valley around 10:30AM, stopped and picked up a map on the other side of the San Mateo bridge and headed out towards Stockton.  We arrived at our house at 3PM and waited outside in the car for about 20 minutes while Paul and his family got things in order.  Marek and I went for a walk just at dark around the hood.  Adam cooked a nice pasta dish for dinner.  I talked to Hb in Denver.  She visited Nina for a couple of days and then went to Luke’s house to see Tanner on Friday night.
Sunday 20
Marek and I went for a walk across the Highway and up into the National Forest.  There was a shit load of snow but we walked on a dirt road that was covered down with snow from the snow mobiles.  It was a gorgeous warm afternoon and we walked till 4:15PM and then turned around.  We came home and then went to the grocery store at Raley’s.  Michael cooked Risotto for dinner and I did the dishes.
Monday 21
Really long walk to the top of the hill in the National Forest.  We got to the point where we actually started heading back down the hill a bit toward the larger mountain in the distance.  The snow and forest makes me feel really good and brought me back to being outside on many outdoor adventures in my past.
Tuesday 22
Long walk with Marek in the afternoon on the alternate route down the creek towards town instead of up the hill.  Everyone else went skiing at Heavenly.
Wednesday 23
Final walk with Marek to the top of the hill.  It was a cloudy sunny day, but we walked every day since arriving in Tahoe the first night.
Thursday 24
Adam takes me to the shuttle and they take me to Reno at 12:50AM.  Big buffet dinner at the casino across the street from Harrahs.
Friday 25
Enjoyable journey back to ABQ from Reno.  Met some nice folks from Hawaii on the ride from Reno to Vegas, and Larry Strickland of the United Way and his associate Jeanette Salazar on the ride from Las Vegas to ABQ.  Hb picked me up and we went to Trader Joe’s and the SunFlower Market for shopping.
Saturday 26
Bruce Norman called me and we had a nice talk.  He said the favorite place he went on the planet was New Zealand.  TJMax followed by the Vitamin Cottage then dinner at Marci and Anne’s.  It was the first time I was at their house since I moved to Pasadena.  Key point was I had not seen their new kitchen.  Also, Anne got her US Citizenship last year.
Sunday 27
Mellow day at home, Hb did some nice cooking.  Short walk with George and Cherie.
Monday 28
Long talk with Peter Day.
Tuesday 29
Opened up my first Roth IRA.
Wednesday 30
Read some of Bless Me Ultima.  Buried ashes for the first time since coming back from California.
Thursday 31
Mellow day at home.


February


Friday 01
Walk with Hb late in the day, it is now staying light to 6:30PM.
Saturday 02
Made reservations to go to Florida in 2 weeks.  Lunch in Santa Fe at the La Fonda.  We love that buffet.  Gave a dollar to a guy playing a nice harp on the plaza.  He had a mexican 20 peso piece on his box.
Sunday 03
Did my big walk over to the East Mountains on the pipeline road that I have been seeing since returning from Argentina.  It was a cloudy then turned sunny late afternoon.  The walk was about 1 hour each way, meaning had I gone all the way there it would be easily 2 hours each way.  Meaning not that far.  Upon my return I walked up the Perdiz Canyon road and back on the Highway to Camino Don Juan.  In the evening we watch a cute movie called Morning Glory.
Monday 04
Start income tax.
Tuesday 05
Walk around the north mesa at 10 AM.
Wednesday 06
Walk with John at 4PM.  Walk earlier in the day on the north mesa.
Thursday 07
Bank and bought shoes at Big5.  First time in the mexican meat store in Bernalillo.
Friday 08
Worked till fairly late in the evening.
Saturday 09
Nice day in town.  Started out checking out Dan’s house with a lake in the back, then spoke to Andy about his house.  He has 2 doberman’s and a big gate in the front of his house.  His house was 2 doors down from Dan who had the lake on Guadalupe Trail.  At that point, the weather was taking a turn for the worst so we bailed on our walk and headed back to our car and on to the Flying Star for lunch.  Then we went to Costco where Hb bought a suitcase and I ran around and ate some food.  Then we went to Sprouts and came home.  I went for a walk around the block, it was cold and windy.
Sunday 10
Brunch with Rand, Tessie, and Sima at the Tamaya at 11 AM.
Monday 11
Cold windy day, never left the house except to take out compost.
Tuesday 12
Sell day, walk early in the morning prior to selling up towards the Overlook.
Wednesday 13
I heard from David Lawson today that David S Rosen died on Monday Feb 11.  His funeral is today.  I sent Benji an email asking him to convey my condolences to the family.  Hb and I went for a walk in the morning up to the north mesa with Lalo whose parents were out of town skiing in Santa Fe for the day.
Thursday 14
Spoke to John Zeuli and I helped him resolve a computer hardware problem he was having.  The trick was to put the thumb drive back into the computer.
Friday 15
Walk early in the morning up the BIG hill near the Post Office.  This time instead of walking all the way down the ridge I popped on over the ridge to the other side and then walked down the road and caught the pipe line road back home.  Made reservations for Sedona.
Saturday 16
Hb and I worked on our taxes until a late lunch of greens.
Sunday 17
Fly to Florida.  Had a nice talk with Victor Elderton who is a principal with the North Vancouver Outdoor School.
Monday 18
My first day in Florida was really nice.  Mom and Dad took me for a ride around the complex.  I had my call with Michael at 2PM.  Late in the day I went for a nice walk.
Tuesday 19
Daddy and I went for a nice walk on the nature trail along the river.  Then we walked along the trail adjacent to West Bay on the extreme western edge of the property.  Went for a nice bike ride in the early evening.  Spoke to Peter Day for the last time prior to him moving out of Silver City and going to Corvallis, Oregon.
Wednesday 20
We all went up to the pool in the afternoon and I went swimming and went into the hot tub.  Marsha came over for dinner.  I spoke to Iris in the morning.
Thursday 21
Boat ride over to the State Park Lover’s Key at 2PM.  Went for an hour walk and come home on the 4PM boat.  Went for a nice swim after I got home.  Florida is absolutely beautiful.
Friday 22
Had a nice day.  In the afternoon I went for a bike ride and swim and then we went to dinner at Bravo.  I had a nice eggplant parmesian.
Saturday 23
Long bike ride early in the morning over to our old place Spring Run.  Then I took a swim and hot tub and spoke to Peter Day for 2 hours.  I worked the rest of the day.  We went to dinner in the evening at the River’s Club on campus and I had a meatball buffet with soup and salad.
Sunday 24
Worked all day and in the mid afternoon we went over to the big pool.  We had salami and eggs for dinner.
Monday 25
Mother and I went shopping for me.  I got two pairs of shorts and a nice orange polo shirt.
Tuesday 26
It was our first cloudy, windy day.  In the late afternoon I went for a bike ride and it was threatening rain the whole ride.  I finally came home just as it started to rain.
Wednesday 27
Lunch with Mother at the California Pizza kitchen.  We had a nice waiter by the name of Troy who took good care of us.  Today was a cloudy rainy day and I hung inside all day and not even go for a bike ride.  This was the first day since I arrived that I did nothing outside.
Thursday 28
Dad and I went for a walk up to West Bay.  The morning was cloudy but the afternoon was sunny and gorgeous cool.  In the late afternoon I rode my bike back over to West Bay and met Debbie in front of Marsha’s sisters house.


March


Friday 01
It was a cloudy day all day.  I got some work done too and at the end of the day went on a long walk from the house through campus to the nature trail.  I stayed on the nature trail for about 45 minutes, walking back and forth.  I then proceeded to lie down on the dock looking up at the sky.  The clouds from the Gulf were streaming quickly across the sky as the sun set into a dark sky.  Mother and Dad and I had a nice dinner at the River’s Club of baked cod.  Its a nice quaint restaurant with soup and a salad bar.
Saturday 02
I awoke early, listened to my Don Quixote, and readied myself for the journey.  The security line was 90 minutes and I spoke to a religious lady from Indiana and her husband.  She believes but is not sure that she has Jewish roots as well.  We had an interesting talk.  She looked Jewish and our conversation wandered across the continuum of consciousness.  A short wait in Dallas, where I ate my salami and cheese and pretzels.  Then off to ABQ.  The flight was magnificent and the llano that Anaya discusses in Bless Me Ultima was there in my face one hour out of Dallas on the border of west texas and nm.  We flew just south of I40 and looked up at the mountains north of Santa Fe.  It was a glorious afternoon in central NM.  Hb and I stopped for dinner at a new Thai restaurant we had not been to, just east of UNM and close to Nob Hill.
Sunday 03
Mellow day at home.  I did some work on my taxes and went for a big walk up on the north mesa while Hb did a reading with Sherrie.  In the evening we watched a movie about story and myth.  A relevant topic as I am also reading and listening to a story about Don Quixote.
Monday 04
First day back to work after being in Florida.  Worked on my taxes.  I did a good chunk of the tax work the day before I left for Florida on Saturday Feb 16.  Luckily, I did not touch and or look at my taxes while I was in Florida.
Tuesday 05
Finished my taxes and filed electronically. Hb goes to visit Gabe at the hospital for his first chemo treatment.  I go for a walk in the morning up on the north mesa.  Hb and I walk at sunset.  I took my car for a warm up ride.
Wednesday 06
Spoke to John early in the morning for a while.  Hb and I went for a nice walk and she was the group leader.  I followed her as we explored the open space.  Came home and took a shower.  Then did some work.  Late in the afternoon Bonnie Sprague came over to check out the house as a possible renter or house sitter.  She is from Pagosa and got divorced 4 months ago and has been living in Placitas since late December.  In the evening we finished up our movie on stories and myths ala Joseph Campbell.
Thursday 07
Up at 2:30AM.  Long day of work with no nap.  John and I went for a nice hike up the steeper canyon after driving to the end of the dirt road.
Friday 08
Leave house at 6:30AM.  First stop was Pres for Hb to get some blood work then breakfast at the Flying Star then walk to Griegos down the ditch from Flying Star and then turn around.  Costco, VC, and SunFlower Market.  Watched a movie called Hide Away 2011 with Ayelet Zurer directed by Chris Eyre.
Saturday 09
Hb went to work and I went for a ride to Tome.  I parked at the Clay gallery and walked through Tome west towards the river and then made a left turn going south along the ditch until I hit the main road 47 south of Tome.  Afterwards, I went to the Ranch Market and bought some Mexican food and some cookies.
Sunday 10
Long talk with Peter.  He has arrived in Oregon.  Later in the day I went to the poetry reading at the winery.  I had a long talk with Jim Gay after the reading.  He is from Pittsburgh.
Monday 11
Mondays tend to be windy, and today was no different.  I never left the house today except to go outside for very short walks.
Tuesday 12
Early in the morning we dug out the septic system.  Later in the day the guy came and pumped us out.  Then Hb and I went to lunch at the Range for her birthday.  We came home and raked the tire tracks from the pump truck and then went for a walk around the block.  Hb went to her monthly drumming party in the evening.
Wednesday 13
Started out the day by talking to Scottf.  He wanted me to review some github code but the guy didn’t have any.  A new pope Francis de Argentina.  The first time a pope has ever come from Latin America.  Chatted with Marek.  He is thinking of doing the LA Marathon on Sunday.  Spoke to Mom and Dad late in the day.
Thursday 14
Three walks today.  One in the mid-morning where I walked out towards the mailboxes and looped around on Mimbres.  Then later in the day with John at the normal spot.  Afterwards Hb and I had dinner at the Pinion.  It was good meat, but not real healthy.
Friday 15
First talk with Peter Day ever on Skype.  It happened about 6PM in the evening.  After many years of waiting, Peter Day is now on Skype.  Never left the house today, spring allergies are starting to kick in.  Made a reservation for our stay in Flagstaff.
Saturday 16
Apple store after walk around Old Town.  I had some chile and beans with some nativos at their new jewelry store.  It was a gorgeous warm cloudy day and we danced a bit and heard some music.  The end of the day we did some shopping.
Sunday 17
Mellow day at home, never left the house.  Took a huge nap at about noon.  Windy warm day.
Monday 18
Hb dropped me off and I walked back home from near the library.
Tuesday 19
Spoke to Peter Day in the evening.
Wednesday 20
Talked to Michael Berkowitz in the evening.
Thursday 21
Stayed home all day.  Listened to some Spanish in the evening.  Got turned on to Jaime Bayly on YouTube.  This is very cool.  This was Hb’s last day of work.
Friday 22
Mellow day at home.  Hb turned all of her stuff in for work.  I helped her carry her printer out to the car and she rode me to my spot just past the library and I did a nice walk home.  First day looking at Oregon.  Eugene looks real nice and also checked out some neighborhoods in Portland.
Saturday 23
Party at our house for Hb’s retirement including Nancy, Larry, Elise, Dawn, Michael, Attilio, Maria, Alisia, Ty, Barb, John, Ginny, Alex, Michael, Megan, Rand, Sima, Glenn, Diana, Judith, Brenda, Rick, Angie, Laurie.  Party started at 12:33PM.
Sunday 24
Hb went to the Chocolate fest with Angie and Nina and on the way out of Placitas she dropped me off near the library and I went for the standard walk home.
Monday 25
Tuesday 26
Wednesday 27
Thursday 28
Friday 29
Saturday 30
Sunday 31


April


Monday 01
Rand and Tessies for Passover, Sima was there and we had a really nice time.
Tuesday 02
Work all day, took Lalo for a walk late in the afternoon.  Hb made chicken soup.
Wednesday 03
Took Lalo for a walk late in the afternoon.  John called me to check in and ask me a question.  Sharon bails on her trip in Del Rio, Tx and decides to take Amtrak home.
Thursday 04
Went into town to Odis Echols funeral at Frenchs then on to the Kellys Brew Pub in Nob Hill for the reception.  Kind of a weird day.
Friday 05
Hb went to visit Jason and Rochelle and I stayed home as I am sick with a bad cold.
Saturday 06
Hang at home all day.  Hb and I go for a walk in the early afternoon.  Long talk with Peter.  Pizza for dinner.  Watched a movie about a couple who gets together on a plane ride and dog that got flushed down the toilet.
Sunday 07
Hb goes to a workshop in Corrales and I stay home and be mellow.  Start working on our web site for the summer rental.
Monday 08
James comes in the afternoon to do the solar panels and sweep the chimney.  Afterwards Hb goes to the movies with Nancy and I go for a walk around the block after burying the ashes.  Work till late in the evening.
Tuesday 09
Beautiful cold spring day in central NM.  It was the perfect day from a weather sense.  The ones I always think about when I think of spring in NM and the good ol days of living in Santa Fe.
Wednesday 10
Cold snowy rainy day in Placitas, Day 2.  Hb went off in the evening to her drumming group and I stayed at home and mellowed in front of the fire.  I also spoke to Scott Friedman about life and part of the movie I saw today called the Hunger Games.  A dark futuristic tale.  Scott has a good outlook on life.
Thursday 11
Worked on and finished the ad site for the Placitas rental this summer.  Shipped off the ad to Barb to put in the Signpost.
Friday 12
Dr. Bell, got my teeth cleaned by Valerie.  Hb and I met at Whole Foods.  Went to lunch at Thai Vegan.  Then drove around looking at houses and then went shopping.
Saturday 13
Hb and I went to Santa Fe.  We went to the Farmer’s Market.  I met Steve Kalminson who I talked to for a long time and he sold me a book on Guatemala.  We had a nice talk on Latin American politics.  Lunch at our favorite place -- La Fonda.  Then walk to the end of Canyon Road and El Farol.  On the way we stopped for the first time at the Zaplin Lambert gallery.  On the way home we stopped at the SunFlower Market to pick up some fruit for brunch tomorrow.
Sunday 14
Marcy and Anne for brunch.  We made pizza and then went for a walk up the arroyo.
Monday 15
Wind, no walk.  Hb and I stay home and clean the house.
Tuesday 16
Hb goes to get a colonic at Dianas.  Another windy day.  John and I went for a nice walk at 4PM at our usual spot.  We sat down on a rock into the trail and discussed the magic of life.  For dinner I had my piece of pizza with some nice red/green chile on top.
Wednesday 17
We had a fire in the evening as the temps dropped dramatically at midday.  We had an early dinner of green vegetables and red potatoes.
Thursday 18
Talk with Peter.  He is now settled into his new house in Corvallis.  Propane guy delivered our last load prior to the beginning of summer.
Friday 19
Hb went into town to go back to the estate sale she was at yesterday.  I talked to Dad first thing in the morning.
Saturday 20
Hb went to Yoga.  We then went into town for the Old Town 307th birthday of ABQ.  We walked around Old Town and listened to some nice Hispanic music at the museum.  We then had lunch at the Church Street Cafe which wasn’t that good but the ambiance is nice and we had not eaten there since prior to me going to Argentina.  We ate there a couple of days before I left for Buenos Aires.
Sunday 21
Hb and a I go into town for the Coop Earth Day festival.  We ran into Ravi and had a nice lunch with him at the Vegan Thai restaurant in Nob Hill for the first time.  Afterwards we stopped off at Jason’s house and saw Autumn.  She is now almost 4 months old.
Monday 22
Hb and I go for a walk at around 9am for the first day.
Tuesday 23
Hb and I go for a walk at around 9am for the second day in a row.
Wednesday 24
Drive to Denver.  Leave at 7am.  Breakfast in Taos at the Taos diner just north of Syds.  Our first time there, nice spot, they have Gluten free stuff.  Leave Taos at 11AM.  Arrive Walsenburg 1:30PM.  Get on back road just north of Colorado Springs.  Arrive at Luke’s house at 4:30PM.  Nice dinner of salad and chicken.  Tanner is 1 year old on Friday.
Thursday 25
Take Tanner for a walk around the block.  Nice sunny day.  Luke and Ashley go to work.
Friday 26
Hb takes the family to the airport.  I hang most of the day at home and work.  In the afternoon after the call with Michael we head downtown to the museum area.  We learned about the Still museum by stopping by a local gallery.  We walked sort of along the Speer bike trail on the way back to the car.  Then down to Cherry Creek reservoir.  We swung by my old house on 5744 Ironton and then over to park the car.  Hb talked on the phone and I went on a short glorious walk at around 5:30PM.  Then we had dinner at Jerry’s house with Anne and Ben.  Jerry made chicken and a good soup.  We are liking Denver a lot.
Saturday 27
Great day in Golden.  Lunch at the Sherpa restaurant on top of the hill adjacent to CSM, Colorado School of Mines.  There was a festival going on there and we watched them do slacklining.  Where you hang out on this tightrope type thing.  Walked up the river trail near where Luke got married.  Then home and took the doggies for a long walk. 
Sunday 28
Jim’s house by 10:30AM.  Nice Mexican Menudo at 7th and Santa Fe with Domi.  Afterwards went for a walk in Cherry Hills Village on the Highline Trail near Jim’s old high school the Kent school.  We parked at the Arapahoe Tennis club.  Beautiful warm spring day in the low 80s.  It was hot.  Afterwards back to Jim’s house and then out for a party drive in his old 68 mustang.  Went for a walk at Bible park near his house and hung out on some rocks for a long conversation.  Hb and Jim really got to know each other.  Drove home up Quebec to I70.  Stopped by Sprouts on the way home and bought 59 dollars worth of food for the week.  We had a nice hamburger and sausage for dinner and then took the dogs out for a short walk.
Monday 29
Walk at dusk with Bullet.  Worked all day.  Hb went to Fort Collins to have lunch with Pam who used to baby sit for Luke.
Tuesday 30
Drove by the Mexican restaurant on the corner of 7th and SantaFe on the way to the Denver Art Museum.  Anne gave us a free pass and so we went.  Hb started off the adventure by running into a glass wall and knocking some valuable paintings on the ground.  Home by 2PM.  Went for my first walk on the loop over to Two Ponds NWR.  I love this area, it is so beautiful especially out on the ditches.


May


Wednesday 01
Woke up to snow !  This is why I don’t want to live here.  The weather is just too crappy.  Today in Placitas its supposed to be 82, and here snow, oh no.  I just hung inside all day, while Hb went to Nina’s house to hang out in Boulder
Thursday 02
Went to Sprouts to get some food for dinner.  Logan, Ronny’s brother who now works at NREL and does plastic solar sheets came over for dinner.  Hb and I went for a short ride and bought some gas.  I went for a long walk on the open space and got to Carr and 80th street just prior to preparing some food for dinner.
Friday 03
Drive home on 285.  Lunch in Salida at the asian restaurant.  Stop in La Jara at the church for a snack.  Dinner at Whole Foods.  They had a guacamole contest going on.
Saturday 04
Diana’s house all afternoon for her artist tour.  Met Ricardo Guillermo whose family is from PR.  Also, saw Neal Copperman at Diana’s house.  Glenn and I hung out all afternoon and helped park cars.  Then we went downtown ABQ for a gallery opening of Jades.  Also, Tom did a video on GMO.  Ran into Michael C Ford who is friends with Gary and James Gay.  Gary gave me a copy of the Malpais Review.  Then we went back to Diana’s and went out to dinner at Ezra’s for the first time.  Stopped by the SunFlower Market on the way home.
Sunday 05
Mellow day at home.  Did not leave the house.
Monday 06
Spoke to Peter in the evening.  Went for a walk in the late afternoon and met our neighbor Richard Burton.
Tuesday 07
Walk with Hb at dusk around the block.  Earlier in the day Hb went into town to get some minor work done on her car.
Wednesday 08
Hang out with David and Susan Gutt in the morning at their house while we were on our long walk around the block.
Thursday 09
Hb goes to the new moon drumming and I went for a walk around the block 4 times after a very dreamy day at work.
Friday 10
Final day of work for the week.  I am looking forward to our first weekend of summer, usually defined by Mother’s Day and the Placitas Studio Tour.
Saturday 11
Flea Market in the morning with Marcy, Anne, James.  Met an older guy with a black hat by the name of Cole.  It was a great day, and I love being at the Flea Market.  Afterwards, Hb and I went to James and Gary’s house.  James Gay had some great shots of Cuba.  We also stopped by the winery and talked to Jim Fish who has a new poetry book out.  We met Ralph Churchill on Los Lobos Ct, they have a nice house and he is still into going out into the wilderness.  At the end of the day we stopped by Judith’s house and I met her husband Norman for the first time.  We talked about antiprotons and Penning traps.  Norman is a great guy and we had a really nice talk. 
Sunday 12
Dinner with Angie, Lori, Lee, Audrey, Larry, and Jennifer at the Artichoke Cafe.  Short walk prior to dinner.  Went to Sprouts on our way into town.  Earlier in the day I visited Meg Johnson, Geri Verble, Audrey Ross, and Marie Maher with her husband Michael.
Monday 13
Walked at the end of the day with Hb.
Tuesday 14
Took down the ashes probably for the last time to the lower shelf.  Also, put our new printer box in the shed.  Started again listening to some Spanish on Jaime Bayly.
Wednesday 15
Big day on the banking scene as I did the Hb dance for the first time.  Its finally summer here in May, and I walked and walked all night long.
Thursday 16
Walk in the late evening up to the top of the hill.
Friday 17
Spoke to Haiying today after lunch.  We had a nice chat but did not finish up our conversation.
Saturday 18
Breakfast at the Range.  We are now into buying one breakfast instead of two.  Hit the Farmer’s Market downtown and hooked up with Diana Martin.  It was our first time to the Farmer’s Market this year and we had fun.  We met a guy who was from the Friend’s of the Valle del Oro and so we drove down there and parked at the end of Las Lagunitas which means small lakes.  We walked all the way down to where the ditch crosses I25.  I have been wanting to do that walk for years, and it happened today.  Not only did we do the walk, but the weather was a perfect May day in that it was warm and cloudy, so we had a great walk and were not scorched by the hot sun.  We then came back and stopped by Whole Foods for a snack.  Then onto the Vitamin Cottage and Trader Joe’s.  Peter and I had a nice long talk in the evening. 
Sunday 19
Ravi came over for lunch and stayed till 7:30PM.  We did a walk late in the day down to the sweat, we then saw Michael on the way home.
Monday 20
Windy late spring day.  Yahoo buys David Karp’s Tumblr.
Tuesday 21
Hang out with Evan in the evening.  Ran into him in front of the mailboxes and we talked about his trip to south america up near the house where his mom, barb, was playing music till after dark.
Wednesday 22
My first day with Shakira, I found a song that rocks my socks off.
Thursday 23
Walk late in the day.  Hb went to yoga and then Costco.  I sent my favorite Shakira song to Scott, Pedro, and Elizabeth.
Friday 24
Long incredible interview with Katie Couric and Shakira.
Saturday 25
Drove up to Santa Fe and hung out a bit at St. Johns.  Then we went over to Angie and Laurie’s house for a nice dinner sitting outside.
Sunday 26
Got up and read about Spain.  We then went to an early lunch with Angie and Laurie at the Tea House across from El Farol on Canyon Road.  We then went to get Hot Chocolate and Chocolate Ice Cream at the Kakawa.  Then over to Fort Marcy for a short walk with their dogs.  We then drove down to Mary Davis’s house in the South Valley for a pot luck.  We sat with Diana, and Jan, a friend of Loreal’s who we met at Loreals house.
Monday 27
Early dinner with Rand, Tessie, Sima, and Ravi at the Flying Star.  Afterwards we went for a nice walk around the Open Space.
Tuesday 28
Talked to Sharon on the phone for the first time since she returned from her southern trip across America.  Told her about our summer plans being up in the air.
Wednesday 29
John and I went for a walk at 4PM at our usual spot.  Its our first time getting together since he moved out to Rio Rancho and is living near Jason.
Thursday 30
Long walk before dusk.
Friday 31
The same long walk before dusk as yesterday.  Hb took the kids to a movie, and yogurt afterwards.  Talk with the folks at CBB and CONE.


June


Saturday 01
Worked in the morning.  Then went over to the Placitas Appreciation Day and had free hamburgers and hotdogs.  I sat down right after I got my hamburgers and hotdogs and never got up again the whole time Dave Harper’s band played.  Tom Ash was there directing traffic and other folks in the band included that guy John, the guy in the middle, and Porter Dees.
Sunday 02
All day at Diana’s cleaning up my shed.  I threw tons of crap away.  Each round I throw stuff away and this round was all about throwing away all of the old folders, notebooks, spanish words that I printed out for over 2 years at Justice Systems, and all of the poems from Caltech poetry.  It was a ton of paper in two full boxes.  Also organized better as well.
Monday 03
Walk late in the day up the canyon near the mandala.
Tuesday 04
Walk late in the day up the canyon near the mandala.  We close on the rental for the house.  Kelly and Braden are signed up.
Wednesday 05
Marek arrives into the states for two weeks.
Thursday 06
Hb went into town to hang out with Nicholas.
Friday 07
Walk around the long block, back at sunset.
Saturday 08
Flea market with Hb and Lauriel.  Hit 2 banks and cash for the last time my T checks.  Talked to Andy Morris.  I had not talked to him since he came to visit us over Christmas.
Sunday 09
Early dinner with Ravi at the Flying Star.  Walk out the back door of Flying Star to the end of the street.  Stopped by and talked to Mark about his aermotor windmill.  Saw the emus, and the big field at the end of the street.
Monday 10
Hb went to drumming and I went for a walk north up the hill from Bill’s house.  Spinnakr press day.
Tuesday 11
Into town to get my oil changed as well as stop by the sdb to pick up my passport.
Wednesday 12
Walk early in the morning and a quick walk at dusk.
Thursday 13
I spoke to Scott and he started working on his PhD in 2005.  But says he really started full time about four years ago.  So Scott started working on his PhD just about the time I went to work at Justice Systems.  So its been quite a hall, but it looks like he will be done by this Christmas 2013.  My second walk in the morning.
Friday 14
Dinner with John at Nahalat Shalom.  Went for a short walk up the street prior to the service on Sephardic Judaism with Hershel Walker and Maria as the lead along with Stephanie Cohen. 
Saturday 15
Breakfast with Roy at the Range.  Followed by a trip to Walmart and OfficeMax to drop off some old documents and TJ’s.
Sunday 16
All day at Nahalat Shalom for Hershel and Maria’s third annual festival.  It was a gorgeous day, and we had fun.
Monday 17
First day back to work after a great weekend.
Tuesday 18
Walk at dusk around the big block.  Talked to Dad for Father’s Day.
Wednesday 19
Got together with Nick Secor at the Flying Star in Bernalillo at 8am.  Then over to Walmart to get the keys made.
Thursday 20
Gabe and Malaya came over to dinner after seeing the Dynamax Butterfly movie with Hb.  After dinner we went for a walk around the big north block.
Friday 21
Hb went to Jennifer James with Nancy and I went for a long walk up to the Overlook.  I love doing this walk late on a summer day.  I will cherish these walks forever.  Earlier in the day I spoke to Iris.
Saturday 22
John and I went for a really nice walk on the ditch in Bernalillo.  We met at the Range at 5PM.  Before that I vacuumed out my car in preparation for our trip to the great northwest.  Hb and I went for another walk around the block when I got home just at sunset.  It was our solstice walk and there was a full moon.  Nice talk with Brian Wehrung early in the morning.  He is living in southern Ca away from his family while he works out his work gig.  I have been trying to convince him to send a resume off to Ubiquiti.
Sunday 23
Super fantastic wedding of Jill Palmer and her husband Samdivan and their son Naryan.  Weather was perfect and hot, and the ceremony and reception was held on Adams street between Indian School and Lomas at Rebecca’s and Dave’s house.  That is Jill’s sister.  My first time ever to a “east” Indian wedding ceremony.  The ceremony lasted about one hour with lots of throwing off stuff into the fire.  It was very cool.  Food was awesome.  I love Indian food, especially home made.  Vegan cake rocked.  I drank a bit too much sweetened lemonade which set me off a bit.  But all in all a great day was had by all.
Monday 24
Hb cleaned out my car in the evening.  Yesterday I did a video for Beegee’s 40th birthday, pretty cool how easy it is to do on the MacBook.
Tuesday 25
Hb and I walk at the end of the day up the pipeline road to Pam’s street.  Earlier we packed the car with our camping gear.
Wednesday 26
Michael Berkowitz is going to Italy on Friday.  Hb went to the range with Loreal, Nancy, and Dawn and I went for a walk up to Judith’s house.
Thursday 27
The hottest day of the summer.  I saw the temperature hit 103 on my computer.  At 8:45PM it is showing 99.  Needless to say I stayed home all day.  I spoke to Tessie and Sima in the morning and Rand in the afternoon.  Also, spoke to Mom and Dad as well.  In the afternoon, I packed up all of my clothes for the trip.
Friday 28
I sent David Kleiman off his birthday email among a wind swept central NM landscape.  It was real hot last night and this morning it is windy as heck.  By evening it cooled off dramatically and it was 67 degrees in Santa Fe at 6PM while here it showed 89, which was chilly relative to the 105 we had yesterday.  I solved David and Iris’s router problem by plugging the old router into the new one so Iris could get back on the old network.  Hb picked up her check from Kelly and went into town.
Saturday 29
Braden came over in the morning and we took him through all the stuff he needs to know about the house.
Sunday 30
I spoke to John in the morning.  He is taking Autumn and Ginny down to Roswell next weekend for the annual festival.  Left messages for Nick and Roy thanking them for a wonderful gathering a few weeks back.  Also, had a very nice long talk with Jim Sigman.  He just got back from Ireland with his two boys and his brother.  Packing everything up in the car for our imminent departure manana.


July


Monday 01
Up at 5AM, left home at 7AM.  Real nice lunch at the Farm restaurant in Cortez.  Monticello by mid afternoon.  Chilled out and went for a nice walk in the evening.
Tuesday 02
Up at 5AM, left Monticello at 6:30AM.  Had breakfast in Moab then on to Arches National Park.  A picnic in price Utah, then crossed the Wasatch range into SLC.  Hb had a nice lunch downtown then onto Ogen to the Days Inn.
Wednesday 03
Great day in Twin Falls, Idaho and went to Shoshone Falls.  Breakfast at the Days Inn prior to departure.  Had a nice Pad Thai lunch with extra rice for $2.  Left Twin Falls around 2:30PM and arrived Boise at 4:45PM.  Had a nice chat with Rita and Jim about living in Idaho.  Jim lived in John Day for 30 years.  Walked to the Coop from the house.  Wow, gorgeous neighborhoods.  It doesn’t get dark here till 10PM.
Thursday 04
Nice breakfast with Jim and Rita.  Drive around town a bit ending up downtown.  Parked at the bank on 8th street and walked over to the state capitol.  Listened to a Tea party rally about freedom to bear arms.  Then over to check out the capitol building.  Stopped by Whole Foods and then onto the Coop for lunch.  Came back to the house and took a nap.  In the evening we had a BBQ of hamburgers and sat around with some nice conversation.  Our lovely meal was briefly interrupted by fire engines putting out a fire at Jim and Rita’s house across the way.  A firecracker had started a bush in front of their house on fire.  Afterwards we went to their brother in laws for a visual fireworks display overlooking the whole town of Boise and to the Oregon border out west 60 miles.
Friday 05
Drove out east of town to Harris Ranch.  Sat down on a greenway for a couple of hours and chilled out.  Hb talked to Nancy while we were relaxing.  Then on to Lucky Peak State Park for a sunset view on the dammed up Boise River.  Back through the east of town passed Micron.  Stopped by Whole Foods for some bananas.
Saturday 06
Walk down to the Farmer’s Market in the morning then back towards our house through downtown.  In the late afternoon we went to get some Thai food for dinner and then went downtown and walked along the river park.
Sunday 07
Idaho’s 150th anniversary party downtown on the river park.  We walked downtown in the heat of the day and went to the Idaho Historical Museum.  Afterwards, we had dinner at Whole Foods and then came home and went back out and drove a bit around the neighborhood.  We went over to Winco for the first time, its a big store with lots of good deals.  Its kind of like a mini Costco.
Monday 08
Walk in the evening on part one of the river trail.  Went to the Coop earlier in the afternoon for our daily dinner meal out.
Tuesday 09
Walk in the evening on part two of the river trail.  Earlier in the day Hb and I went to get ice cream at the Ice Cream store in Hyde Park at the end of 13th in a new commercial area in our hood.  Dinner at Whole Foods prior to walking.  Went to Winco before going home to pick up cream, bananas and carrots.
Wednesday 10
Jim’s office at 3:30PM for a grand tour of their facility.  Afterwards we went to Costco to pick up a chicken for dinner.  Dinner with Rita and Jim followed by a walk up 18th to Hill and back.
Thursday 11
Hike with Rita and Jim up the hill in the open space.  We then drove up to the top of the hill to see the whole valley just at dusk when the light was coming up.
Friday 12
We completed our downtown to Barber park journey.  In 3 nights we walked the whole greenbelt east of town.  We started rather early around 6PM and finished up about 9:30PM.
Saturday 13
Drove out west of town to Star along State St Hwy 44.  Found a great spot along the river and met a nice guy from California who had spent 14 years living on Kodiak Island in Alaska.  We stayed there for a couple of hours and then headed back into town.  Jim and Rita and us went walked downtown for the bike race and a nice dinner at Fork in downtown Boise.  The bike race was awesome and we had a great spot to watch the race.
Sunday 14
Mellow day at home.  We had a nice breakfast with Jim and Rita.  We had some good fresh eggs from their chickens.  Afterwards Jim showed me his pad across the street.  Then I took a good nap and we headed over to the coop for dinner.   Our last dinner there was melancholy.  Afterwards we went for our final walk along the Boise river.  Just as the sun was setting in the west we drove home for the last time.  Boise treated us as well as any city or town we had ever visited, and all is well.  Todo bien !
Monday 15
McCall is incredible, we had a late breakfast across the street from the Shore Lodge at a place called the Lardo Grill and Saloon.  We love Moscow and walked around the University after our dinner at the Coop.  We decided to stay an extra day and check it out.
Tuesday 16
Great day in Pullman.  Started out seeing the Grizzly bears, then got some ice cream at the creamery.  Walked around downtown Pullman and went to a nice used book store.  From there we drove back home.  In the evening we had lunch once again at the Coop and then walked around the Arboretum at the University.  It was an absolutely gorgeous spot.
Wednesday 17
Got up and drove to Spokane.  Stopped on the side of the road north of Palouse at old broken down wooden barn.  Took some pictures of the barn, the yellow golden fields, and the old railroad bridge.  Then stopped for ice cream in Tekoa.  They had ice cream from Ferdinands at WSU from Pullman.  We had ice cream at Ferdinands yesterday.  Then we drove into Spokane and found our place to stay.  It is nice.  In the evening we had a nice dinner at Maggies south of town.  Then we drove south of here, and back north.  Finally, we went to a beautiful park called Manito Park.
Thursday 18
Breakfast at the hotel.  Lunch at a nice small Thai restaurant north of town on Francis Ave.  Our waitress was beyond nice and loved Hb.  Then we drove back into town and hit the Visitor’s Center and the COOP.  Came home and chilled out and then went out for a drive to explore 7th street west and the big valley just west of town that the I90 goes over.  Then we discovered Brown’s addition which the lady at the Visitor’s center told us about.  We walked around there, checked out some restaurants and then discovered in that neighborhood the first park of Spokane.  At the end of the evening we went to the grocery store on Monroe, it is a nice organic health food and natural grocery.
Friday 19
Early morning walk up to the park.  Back by 7:30AM.  Nice lunch at an Italian Bistro in Brown’s addition that we visited last evening.  At dinner time we drove west and north towards the airport and through Palisades park just before the airport.  Back home, and walked around Cliff Park due west of our hotel.  There are some beautiful homes just near us.  Spokane has some of the loveliest neighborhoods of any city in the world.
Saturday 20
Great day at the south perry street fair held at Grant Park.  We heard a band called Table Top Joe who literally rocked.  I got the drummer a water because he was thirsty.  We talked to a woman from the Buddhist church and then went by an air pilots house for a yard sale.  He told us about the crash at the San Fran airport last week.  Then we swung by an estate sale and met a woman who was my age who was retired from the military and was moving to a retirement home in Florida.  Then back to the park after a gluten free pizza and salad at the south perry pizza house.  We sat next to Candy and her dog Gilbert.  We ate next door dinner at Qdoba and then a walk back to Cliff Park.  A good day was had by all.
Sunday 21
Up at 5AM.  Breakfast at 6AM.  First stop was on the side of the road on 395, an interstate like highway.  We went to Fred Meyer for food and gas and then ate our food at a rest stop on the Columbia River.  We saw the people sitting next to us in Hood River where Hb had yogurt.  We then stopped along the Gorge at a viewpoint, and took some pictures.  Arrived at Peter’s house at around 5PM, and had a nice dinner at the coop.  Afterwards we went for a walk along the river.  Peter has a beautiful house in a great neighborhood.
Monday 22
Peter drove us up to TJ’s and WinCo.  Walk in the evening over to the park.
Tuesday 23
Went over to the local Tuesday Farmer’s market at the end of the street at 5PM.  We had a nice hamburger and zuchinni BBQ and then went for a walk with Peter who rode his bike.  We looked at hb pictures outside after the walk.
Wednesday 24
Great day in Eugene.  Met Michael Vasquez, Peter’s friend and his roommate Zachary who is a tech guy.  We went out to lunch at a nice Indian buffet, then went over to a Tea House where I went for a walk down Friendly street to 18th.  Afterwards, we drove around Eugene checking out some different neighborhoods.
Thursday 25
Nice walk in the evening around Peter’s block.  Earlier in the day we dealt with fixing Peter’s toilet which was spontaneously coming on and off.
Friday 26
Walk in the evening around the park.  Hb ran around looking at houses.
Saturday 27
Drove over to Newport.  Its a gorgeous drive.  Newport was nice but cold.  Its kind of like Half Moon Bay but a bit chillier.  I stopped into a bookstore and met a woman who was muy loco, pero I spoke with her for about 30 minutes.  She gave me a tarot reading and a free CD.  We drove back home after a nice corned beef sandwich for lunch.  In the afternoon we drove around Avery Park and then over to the northwest part of the city.  The open space is really nice !
Sunday 28
Hb and I went downtown to walk around.  It was my first time walking around downtown along the river and by the shops.  In the evening we had a nice salmon dinner that Hb prepared beautifully.
Monday 29
Great day in Eugene.  Dropped Peter off at the airport at 11AM then headed into town and parked near the BMX park across the river.  Walked across the bridge and through OSU.  Then downtown for lunch and back around the park to our car.  We drove home via Harrisburg on the east side of the Williamette.
Tuesday 30
In the late afternoon we drove over to GoodWill and then in the evening walked on the trails next to the river in the park for the first time and then watched them play ultimate frisbee for the first time. 
Wednesday 31
Eugene walk around River Road Neighborhood while Michele did a massage.  Lovely hood.  I checked out the Emerald Park neighborhood and Horn Ln.  Very nice !  Picked up Hb and then we went to the Indian Restaurant for lunch.  Yummy.  We then hiked the ridge trail on that side of town and came home via gas in Junction City.


August


Thursday 01
First cloudy all day.  Oh no.  This would be a tough place to live all year.  Even the locals say it is cloudy nine months of the year.
Friday 02
Great day at the beach in Newport.  Walked around the harbor then had lunch at local ocean seafood.  Afterwards we walked along the beach in the fog.  Towards the end of the day the sun came out and we were happy.  In the evening I walked along the river and sat on a rock by myself looking peacefully at the Williamette.
Saturday 03
Farmer’s Market in the morning for the first time in Corvallis.  In the afternoon Hb and I went for a walk in a park north west of town and I picked some blackberries.  The sun was out today most of the day and it is turning hot again.  We talked to Peter who is back on the East Coast and Mom and Dad.
Sunday 04
Another nice day at the beach, this time in Yachats.  Went to Hb’s festival in the morning, she ate lunch, and then we sat in the car on the beach for hours.  Then a late afternoon hike in the sun along the Alsea River.  A brief ride up to Mary’s Peak before going home.
Monday 05
Walk over to the park and sat on the rocks at the boat launch.  A couple and a dog in a small boat had a difficult time paddling across the river.
Tuesday 06
Root beer float social in the evening at Nancy’s house.  I met Chris who learned to speak Chinese at a young age.  He had a nervous breakdown while living in China.  Earlier we walked south past the past and the water plant for the first time.
Wednesday 07
Great day in Eugene once again.  After Hbs treatment with Adam we walked north along the river.  It was our first time doing this and we loved it.  Afterwards we had lunch at our favorite Indian restaurant.  It was our third time there, and it was as good as ever.  Then we went over to the arboretum on the other side of I5 up on the hill.  It was an uphill slog and Hb wasn’t up for it today as she has a blister on her foot.  So we drove around a bit into Springfield, which is also nice and then drove to Junction City to buy our gas.  It was a cloudy cool afternoon so we forgone our evening walk but everyone was happy.  Peter sends us the initial email about the house on Powell.
Thursday 08
Looked at the house on Powell.  Had a real nice talk with Dad in the morning, also spoke to Iris.  Hopefully, I will get a chance to speak with Elizabeth prior to her returning to Kenyon for her sophomore year.
Friday 09
Real mellow day at home.  Hb and I went for a nice walk in the evening south of town on the river trail.  We walked to the end and looked at the swimming pool in the lovely housing development.  At 8PM I went to sleep.  I awoke at 10:30PM and drove to the airport to pick up Peter Day from his journey to Kittery, Maine.  We got home at 1:30PM and I went for a short walk up Thompson.  I am enjoying reading Spivak’s book on category theory.  I sent Scott Williams a copy for pleasure reading.
Saturday 10
Day 1 of putting in an offer on the Corvallis house.
Sunday 11
Day 2 on putting in an offer on the Corvallis house.  Major melt down at 6AM.  Went for a huge walk around the park.  Then Peter, Hb and I gather for a major pow wow on what to do.  The mood is lightened by a passing neighbor Teresa and her dog Dragon and we end up talking for an hour.  She moved here from Sisters.
Monday 12
Lunch at Nearly Normal.  I had the $5 Sunny Burger and a Day Old Chocolate Chip Cookie.  We sent off the Corvallis house offer on Powell Street.  Nice beautiful dinner with Peter and then a walk over to the Williamette landing.
Tuesday 13
Angela brought back the paperwork and the offer is official.
Wednesday 14
Deposit Hb house check at the bank and walk around downtown.  Stop by the Farmer’s market to pick up some peaches.  On our walk in the evening we ran into both Teresa and Diane.  The 3 of us walked over to the new house and we showed Diane the house.  We then went back to her house to hang out for a bit before heading home at dark.
Thursday 15
Hb went up to Albany to hang out with Sherrie at a Tea House.  Hb and I went for a walk in the evening and ran into Chris in his old Mercedes.  He lives at the end of Micah in also a blue house with tons of trees.
Friday 16
Dinner at the Mediterranean Restaurant down the street.  It was 4 stars on our Yelp Review.
Saturday 17
Sunny all day today.  Went to the Farmer’s Market in the morning then bought a bed at the sleep center from Doug in the afternoon.  Today is Peter’s birthday so we had a nice steak dinner at home and Hb baked a peach crisp pie. The corn was so sweet we did not need butter and the half cooked angerman special topped off the meal.
Sunday 18
Awesome day in Portland.  Saw Cari’s daughter Zoey and her husband Noel.  Lunch at a cool restaurant on Stark owned by Brian a friend of Cari’s.  Walked around Mt. Tabor and went to the Hawthorne street fair.  Back to Katherine’s house for a gluten free pizza dinner. Home in Corvallis by 9:30PM.
Monday 19
House inspection in the morning.  I hung out at the new house.  Lunch at the coop followed by stopping by the bank to pick up a proof of funds letter.
Tuesday 20
Walk in the evening through the Crystal Lake Farmer’s Market trail for the first time down to the fields to watch them play ultimate.
Wednesday 21
Went to Sears to buy a washer, dryer, and a fridge.  Stopped by Winco and TJ’s.  For the first time we crossed 3rd to check out the stores.  We stopped by the Budget Motel where the cost is $69 per night.
Thursday 22
Bought a table and 6 chairs at the furniture store for $250.  Stopped by the Title company to fill out the closing paperwork.
Friday 23
Hb and Peter go to pick up the table and in the moment Hb buys 2 bar stools for $75.  No walk today, but short walks around the cul-de-sac.
Saturday 24
First time driving north of town to see the OSU forest.  North on Highland till it ends then west and bear off to the right.  We had goat liver for dinner.  After dinner I drove into town and went for a short walk near the dog park.  I also hung out at the coffee shop and read a recent book on the history of Corvallis.  It was a very rambling book and somewhat interesting.
Sunday 25
Super great day in Salem.  It was our first time there.  We had a nice lunch at “Word of Mouth” and checked out a nice house on the creek near there.  We heard some bag pipes, saw the gold man on top of the capital and relished in the romantic clouds of the day.  We love it here, its official !
Monday 26
Mellow day at home.
Tuesday 27
At 9AM we went to Wells Fargo to get the check and took it over to Ticor Title Company.  In the evening I went for my first long bike ride in Corvallis.  North on Thompson, around the park and back through Williamette Landing.  There is a way to get to Kiger Island easily by going out those folks driveway and then returning on the Highway for a short distance.
Wednesday 28
All day in Eugene.  Walk up to 18th while Hb got a massage.  Lunch at the stand by Indian restaurant.  That was our last time there for awhile.  Then walked around U of O and went to the library for the first time.
Thursday 29
We officially own the house, went over to the house for the first time !  Moved some minor stuff in and hung out with Peter relishing in the glory of our new home.  We also decided on the fridge and the hinges being on the left side.  Went for a bike ride mid afternoon.
Friday 30
First night in the house after a long day of work.  Our bed was delivered today enabling our first night of sleep on Powell Street.
Saturday 31
Breakfast at Peter’s followed by the Farmer’s Market.  Bought a couch at Blackledge and then swung by for some yogurt and then Home Depot and Sears for house stuff.  Dinner at Peters of Tempeh and Coleslaw.


September


Sunday 01
Up early and breakfast at Peter’s.  Drove to the beach via King’s Valley and Dallas. Stopped at the Walmart in Dallas before heading on to Lincoln City where we had lunch at a nice Hawaiian restaurant.  There was a used book store next door as well.  Afterwards we went to the Farmer’s Market and Hb bought some peanut brittle.  Then on to an awesome beach just south of Lincoln City called Gleneden Beach.  It was the nicest beach by far that we have been to in Oregon.  It was sunny on the beach with hardly a breeze the first day of September.  We walked for a couple of hours and then stopped by at the DQ in Toledo just east of Newport where I had a large Blizzard and Hb had a hot fudge sundae.  Clearly, we had a great day going to the coast.
Monday 02
The internet guy from CenturyLink showed up a day early and our internet was up and running in 5 minutes.  We got very lucky.  Had leftovers for lunch at Peter’s and then we bought a bunch more furniture and lamps.  A super fantastic Thai dinner at Peter’s.  Then we went for a walk and met our neighbor Steve.
Tuesday 03
First day back to work after a 3 day holiday.  I actually took the 3 days off, and had a nice relaxing weekend.  This was a good thing.  We finished off our Thai food at Peter’s house.  If our fridge comes today, then tonight was our last dinner at Pedro’s lovely home.  We stayed in his house for almost exactly 6 weeks and had almost every meal there the entire time.
Wednesday 04
We got our fridge, washer and dryer today.  We went out to dinner at the Taco place across the street from Fred Meyer called Taqueria Alonso and had Fajitas.  We then went out to buy a bunch of food for the house now that we have a fridge.  Diane came over in the evening and I went on a bike ride with her and then we showed her the house.
Thursday 05
Our first breakfast in the house !  Spoke to Iris on the phone.  First mellow day at home where I felt relaxed.  It rained for the first time since arriving in Corvallis on July 21.  We had gotten mellow rains before but this was the first real one.  Peter came over for dinner.  We got our fridge yesterday and Peter was our first guest for tacos.
Friday 06
Performance poetry in the evening at Interzone after walking around the OSU campus for the first time.
Saturday 07
Great day !  We started out at the Farmer’s Market, then headed out to some garage sales.  It was our first drive in the Country Club Neighborhood and we meandered ourselves over to Philomath after a beautiful mexican lunch at the Safeway shopping center.  We ended up at Betty and Cliff’s farm for some great vegetables and conversation.  They have a gorgeous 80 acre farm.  We bought tomatoes for $1 per pound and got some real nice celery.  In the evening we went to Steve’s party.  Where we met his friends and cohorts from work.  I also learned that he is from Monongahela.
Sunday 08
Drive up to Albany to check out some garage sales.  Stopped by the train station.  You can park there as long as you like for free.  Took the back road home, so we bagged another road.  Went for a walk in the park in the evening and hung out at the bench.  We love that spot there, and are very happy to be here in Corvallis.
Monday 09
Disaster day with the internet but in the end, like most of the times, life gets settled into place.  The guy arrived at the house at 5PM, and by dark at around 8PM the internet was fixed.  I knew the guy knew what he was doing.  Peter also came over for dinner and Hb made a fantastic chicken soup.
Tuesday 10
Peter came over for dinner again and we had chicken soup.  An hour earlier I walked over to the farm stand and met Elias who said I could do compost at his farm stand across the street from our field.
Wednesday 11
Two very interesting things happened today on the 12th anniversary of 9/11.  The most important being the movie I saw about how to demolish buildings and actually get away with it.  The second interesting point highly related to point 1 is that when Steve Jobs died at his memorial service he passed out a book about the Autobiography of a Yogi.  This is significant because it empowers the individual to be stronger and actualize their life in a most important fashion.  Also, on this day I spoke to United Airlines and they told me that if I order one magazine, Fast Company, that they would extend my mileage agreement with them for another 18 months.
Thursday 12
Got library cards at both OSU and the Corvallis public library.  Parked in our usual spot on 11th between Madison and Monroe.  First stop was the ice cream store, then on to the OSU library where I picked up two books on Cell Signalling.  In the evening we ran into Joan at her house on Crystal Lake and she showed us her backyard.  I also learned for the first time that the name of those big trees are called Mountain Sequoias.  She told us they were planted in the 60’s and now they are giant trees.
Friday 13
In the evening we drove out to the Mary’s River and walked up the hill near the cemetery.  It was our first time walking around the country club neighborhood.  Peter’s parents put an offer in on a house close by here too.  We drove out 53rd for the first time to where the Mary’s river crosses the road.
Saturday 14
Bought some buckets at a garage sale exactly in the same spot we were last evening, and bought more outside chairs.  Then I took a ride out to the end of Kiger Island Drive.  It was my second time out there, the first time I drove.  This is a fantastic place to go for a bike ride.  Afterwards I picked up some nuts.  On the drive out Kiger Island I saw giant wooden boxes full of nuts, so now is the time to get them.  Peter came over for dinner and we had tacos.  In the morning we went to the Farmer’s Market and got some good food for the week.
Sunday 15
Awesome day on Shotpouch creek.  In the morning we hung out at home and relaxed and then in the early afternoon headed over to the Lumos Winery.  From there they took us up to Shotpouch creek and we visited four sites where they were doing creek restoration.  The country is beautiful and the mist and intermittent rain made for a gorgeous day in the Oregon coastal range.  Afterwards we went back to the winery for a nice meeting and potluck dinner.  We got home just at dark.
Monday 16
I went for a bike ride in the afternoon around the park and then halfway down Kiger Island.  For dinner we went to Magenta with Peter’s parents.  We had dim sum which was very yummy.  Afterwards they came back to our house to hang out for awhile.
Tuesday 17
For the first time in many years I went for a run starting at the south side of the Williamette forest near my bench and trying to run north to the rocks.  I didn’t quite make it.  Dinner at Peter’s house with his parents.  I love Peter’s parents.  They are very nice people and I consider them good friends of mine.
Wednesday 18
Hung out with Peter’s parents at the end of the day.  They are heading back home tomorrow morning.  They bought a house in three days and headed back home.
Thursday 19
We cut the grass this afternoon.  Prior to that I went for a bike ride over to Avery Park for the first time and rode down to the golf course which is adjacent to the Mary’s River.  Would be a cool place to walk around at night or in the winter when no one is there.
Friday 20
Spoke to Scott Friedman for the first time in awhile.  He dropped Velocity in Argentina and uses Odesk and Elance as his primary vehicle to pay people.  Both companies charge around a 10% service fee to get them the money.  Its actually a pretty nice business model.  In the evening we headed out to the Unitarian Church to hear a talk on Evolution vs Creationism.  It was our first time to that church and it was pretty interesting.
Saturday 21
Farmer’s Market in the morning followed by lunch at the coop.  They had tons of free food for the harvest festival.  Today is the first day of autumn and it was a full moon too.  In the afternoon we hit some garage sales and hung out at the nice park at the top of the hill where Circle Drive ends.  Hb talked to Gabe and I walked around a bit loving the surroundings.  In the evening Peter came over for dinner and we had cider and gluten free beer along with hamburgers and a bunch of tapas Hb and I fired up.
Sunday 22
Went to a nice play with Peter called Love Letters at the Majestic Theatre for the first time.  Afterwards, we had a nice dinner here of zucchini patties with eggs.
Monday 23
Ruth and Chris came over from athomeinoregon.com.  It was a pretty rainy day so I stayed home.
Tuesday 24
Interesting day with Rick Funke at his Essential Oils farm.  We just luckily ran into him as we were walking down near Kiger Island.  He showed us his “barn” and all of his gorgeous cars as well as his dance hall filled with old slot machines.
Wednesday 25
Early morning walk over to Peter’s.  It was a bit more sunny in the morning with blue sky.
Thursday 26
Trash at dusk and hang at Peter’s house till about 8:30PM.  Earlier in the day Hb and I took the bus for the first time over to OSU.  We walked west on campus to 30th, which is a nice tree lined street and then back east on Campus way cutting over to Monroe just east of the Yogurt store and the Interzone.  In town, we went to the nice bookstore with lots of chairs and I read about the history of Oregon, the Columbia river, and hiking trails in Corvallis.  The weather has definitely shifted to autumn weather with bouts of rain throughout the day.  We like autumn here, but it gets cold about a month earlier than NM.
Friday 27
Great walk down in Eugene starting at 20th and Lawrence at Washington Park and walked over to the first place I visited in Eugene on the first day with Pedro and Michael at the Tea House which is on Friendly street.  This area between Wash Park and the Tea house is the nicest part of Eugene besides the Emerald park hood in the northern part of town.  Afterwards we went over to the stadium and walked into town across the bridge and through campus.  It was our first time eating at the Thai restaurant on Oak and 13th.  It was yummy.  Afterwards we walked a bit through the rain and then home.  I did a bit of work in the evening.
Saturday 28
Farmer’s market in the morning.  Went for a walk around the park in the early afternoon and got to watch the boys play rugby.  This is a very cool sport !  I remember it from back in the days at Lville but this seemed even more cool.  Came home and cooked some pizza and then had Diane, Kerry, and Peter over for dinner.   We had spring rolls, salad, pizza and Peter brought ice cream and cookies for dessert.  It was the first party at our house since buying the house almost one month ago.
Sunday 29
It started raining last night and rained all day today until the time we went to sleep.  I have NEVER seen this in my life.  A continuous rain for over 24 hours.
Monday 30
At 8AM I went out and caught the bus into town.  It rained all day yesterday and Saturday evening so I was ready to go when I saw it wasn’t raining.  I walked up Western a bit and then up 7th to the bus station, and then back and then walked all the way home.  Then around the park.  Today I think I decided NOT to rent out the house.  I want to live here, and don’t mind the rain too much.  Talked to Tessie, she is going to the Philippines for around one month leaving Oct 12, coming back Nov 08.  Also talked to Iris.


October


Tuesday 01
Hb and I walk into town in the afternoon.  We hang out at the bookstore and then walk back home.  On our way home the weather was simply superb, clear, crisp with a bright blue sky.  We had a nice chicken soup for dinner that Hb made earlier in the day.
Wednesday 02
Walked into town around 3PM and went to the bank.  Then stopped by the Coop on the way home.
Thursday 03
Pretty mellow day at work.  Walk in the afternoon around the park.  Stopped off at Peter’s to do the trash.  Talked to Andy in the evening.
Friday 04
Breakfast in Springfield at The Pump restaurant downtown Springfield on 7th street.  We then drove up to Belknap Hot Springs.  We hung out for awhile and walked over to the Secret Garden.  It was sunny and we sat in the sun there for awhile.  Then we went to dinner down the road at the only restaurant in the area called Takoda’s.  Then back and did a hot tub till dusk.
Saturday 05
Got up and Hb did a hot tub and I walked down the trail between Belknap and the place where I started two days from now on Monday.  Its just past Boulder Creek and over the bridge of the McKenzie river to the other side towards Sister’s.  We then drove into Sister’s via the OLD Highway 242.  We stopped at Proxy Falls and walked to them.  Then stopped at the Dee Observatory at the summit of McKenzie Pass and looked out.  The day was so clear we saw Mt. Hood in the viewfinder.  Lunch at Angeline’s bakery then on to the Mill Inn in Bend.  We walked along the river to downtown and had dinner at a nice Vietnamese restaurant.  It was fall fest in Bend and we walked around listened to music and talked to folks and sampled cider and vodka.  We walked home in the dark as dinner was over after it turned dark.  We stopped at an old interesting building on the way home which is now a restaurant pub but at the time may have been an old school.
Sunday 06
Up very early at 5AM and drove east towards Burns.  I drove for about 30 miles.  This was a very cool drive.  Then looped back to the south and north on 97.  Breakfast was awesome.  David is the executive chef and managed The Mill Inn for 3 years after the owner got cancer and died.  She left her place to the Community College and they sold it to a new owner.  Next time you go back make sure David is still the cook before booking a room.  Afterwards we drove west of town into the hills and then over to Whole Foods.  From there we went for a hike just north of town on the river.  Then up to Sisters for a late lunch at Angeline’s Bakery.  Got to Belknap Hot Springs in one hour from Bend.  We went for a walk over the bridge and to the left and walked to the dead end.  We couldn’t walk any more.  Then we did a hot tub at dusk and met a guy who worked on the dam and told us all about electric power and how it works and is regulated.  He lives in Leaburg after Springfield at the Dam.
Monday 07
It was raining in the morning and I went for a walk by driving up past Boulder Creek and turning left, crossing the McKenzie River and parking right away.  It is the first left turn past Belknap Hot Springs and the next spot on the McKenzie Trail where it crosses the river.  I walked up the road and then on to the trail where the road sort of ended and walked up to the next creek where the trail went over a bridge.  Next time I will walk from the other way to this point to continue walking the whole trail.  Went into Eugene and had Thai food at our restaurant on Oak.  Then shopped for shoes for Hb downtown and at RiverCenter.  We had popcorn at home for dinner.
Tuesday 08
Made reservation to go home on Saturday Nov 02.  Went to Home Depot to buy a combo lock for the front door, followed by the food shopping circuit.  In the late afternoon I went over to the Tuesday Farmer’s Market and talked to Elias about knowing Noel and Zoe.  At first I had forgotten his name, but then I went back to tell him what it was.  In the evening I went over to Peter’s house to hang out for awhile and talk about the dry side.
Wednesday 09
Went back to Home Depot to return our computer front door lock as we decided this was too high tech for our needs at the moment.  Maybe in the spring we will do it.  Then onto Chip Ross Park for a gorgeous hike. It was our first time there.  Then a great early dinner at our favorite mexican restaurant.  Then to Peter’s parents house to get some final autumn food from his parents garden.  In the early evening we went for a walk in the park next to the park and met Jimmy Bates of Fifgen Films.
Thursday 10
Home Depot late in the day to buy a Schlage deadbolt.  Awesome talk in the evening on the Pacific Crest Trail at the Corvallis Senior Center.
Friday 11
Worked all day and in the evening went for a walk on the other side of 3rd.  It was our first time discovering all of the apartments on the other side of the Hwy 99.
Saturday 12
Great day in Salem.  Started out driving north to Independence.  Went to a nice book store in Independence and the Farmer’s market there as well.  Then onto Salem for the first time via Orville Road.  On the way we discovered an estate sale where I bought over 10 items including shirts and jackets.  Then on to the Vitamin Cottage and lunch at “Word of Mouth”.  Afterward we walked around downtown Salem.  I had a macaroon at the bakery shop where the guy made cookies in a small pizza oven all day.  Then we discovered for the first time Minto Brown Island Park.  We had a lovely autumn walk there.  The leaves were falling and Hb got to pet a bunch dogs in the off leash area.  At Independence we made a left turn and went back straight to Corvallis without going back out to Hwy 99.
Sunday 13
Went to Findley National Wildlife Refuge in the morning and early afternoon.  It was closed due to government shutdown but we went in anyway.  In the evening we went to Peter’s for dinner and made Spaghetti squash and zucchini with rice.  Chris came over for dinner and brought home made wine and kefir for dessert.  Peter made hamburgers.
Monday 14
Got my oil changed at Firestone at around noon and got new wiper blades.  Went for a walk around the park.
Tuesday 15
Hike in the OSU Forest at the end of Oak Creek Road.  Talked to a young man in the forest who knew about Douglas Firs.  Dinner at our favorite mexican restaurant with lots of good chips.
Wednesday 16
In the afternoon we headed over to OSU to check out the Native American Student Center and then walk back home through Avery Park.
Thursday 17
In the late afternoon, Peter, Hb and I went to a free movie for the film festival.  The movie was on Mexico and I left early from the movie and walked home.  Hb and Pedro went out to dinner at the Middle Eastern restaurant.  Our neighbor Jay came over in the evening to talk about mowing the lawn while we are gone.
Friday 18
Hb and I went to a movie in the evening to see “Life is Killing Me”, a movie shot in Chile.  Earlier in the day I went over to Peter’s in the morning to do the trash.  Then Andy came over to do the lock on the door, that was a huge win.  In the afternoon, I went and had my pizza blowout for $5.50 and then Hb and I went and got some keys made.  Then we walked around downtown.  I went back over to Peter’s to give him a key to the house.
Saturday 19
Went to see a speaker in the evening at OSU.  It was our first time at the LaSells Stewart center.  It was about Braiding Sweetgrass for the Spring Creek project.  Earlier in the day we went for a walk around the park.  It was a glorious autumn day.
Sunday 20
Spoke to Ravi, we had not spoken to him since we were at Peter’s.  In the afternoon, we went to the final mexican movie for the intl film festival.  It was a great movie.
Monday 21
Pat and Patty arrive late in the day and we had a nice dinner at the house.  After dinner I went for a long walk.  At the end of my walk I talked to Steve for awhile.
Tuesday 22
Had a nice talk with Patrick several hours after the electricity went out.  He is having lots of success growing kale.  Hb, Pat, and Patty went downtown for lunch and a walk.  In the evening Peter came over for dinner.
Wednesday 23
Hb leaves for Portland with Pat and Patty.  Mid afternoon I take the bus to the coop and have lunch at the buffet.  Then I stop by the bank, and then walk to the other Coop and onto 29th and Circle.  Took the bus home.  The weather has been super fantastic.
Thursday 24
In the late afternoon I drove over to OSU and parked in my normal spot on 11th.  Then went by the library for a bit and then over to have dinner the COOP Food day gig on 9th and Monroe at the Dennis Hall in the church.  I met and spoke with the president of the coop Dan Shapiro.  He was very nice.  I also met Chris’s housemate Ken and we arranged for our weekend gig.  Upon return I did the trash at Peter’s.
Friday 25
Finished up the bulk of the work until returning home to NM.  I should have some chill out time next week.  Peter and I hung out at his parents house and did some mowing with his new electric mower.  Hung out inside their house.  I picked some lettuce.  We then drove south to the Mary’s river crossing on 53rd and went by the Afton Fields farm to get some meat, they were closed but we hung out at the farm for awhile.  Then we went into town and I took Peter out to dinner at the Japanese sushi restaurant.  As I arrived home Pat and Patty were just arriving back from Portland with Hb.
Saturday 26
Work all day with Peter.  First at his house cleaning out the gutters, then at our house cleaning out the gutters.  Then mow the lawn and rake the leaves.  Peter came over for dinner.  Before 8am, I spoke with David Lawson.  It has been years since we last spoke.
Sunday 27
Awesome day at the Philomath Studio tour.  Caught some really good studios especially Donovan here close to town.  Guy has an interesting story and his artist friend Beatrice was cool too.  Plus great cookies with cayenne in them.
Monday 28
Went to get socket wrench at hardware store to undo negative battery terminal while we are away.  Bought greyhound tickets and walked home from town.
Tuesday 29
We visited the William L Finley NWR for the second time.  The first time it was closed, and we hiked the hills next to the road.  The second time it was open, and we went in and checked out a nice pond and saw the birds there.  We had a great dinner of fried tofu with pesto.
Wednesday 30
Our final walk around the park, and it was a glorious one.  On the way home we spoke to Mark, who’s dog is Jack.
Thursday 31
Shut down the house and Peter takes us to the bus station.  Interesting ride with a logger who grew up in northern Idaho.  He had quite a story to say the least.  He started working at age 5 sending logs down a river flume.  Arrived in Portland near Union Station and took the subway out to the airport, and then got picked up by LaQuinta.  Dinner at “Sidelines”, I had a Cobb salad.


November


Friday 01
Great day starting out in Washington Park.  Big hike north in the park ending up at the Japanese and Rose Garden.  Lunch at Thanh Long Bakery and Restaurant at 635 SW College St.  Walked around the Pearl district and stopped in North Face and Keen.  Got home just at dark.  We got off at the Cascades station and walked back to the La Quinta.
Saturday 02
Our flight was cancelled so we went through Oakland and sat next to a guy in a band called Big Tree.  Arrived in ABQ at 5PM.  Dinner at the Range with Nancy.  House was in perfect shape.
Sunday 03
Walmart to buy a new battery for Hb.  Borrowed George and Cherie’s car to get there.  Stopped by the Merc on the way home.  Got the battery up and running.  Short walk at the end of the day.  Hb went to her full moon drumming.  I talked to Peter for about 1.5 hours.
Monday 04
Work all day.
Tuesday 05
Huge rainstorm in the middle of the night caused internet to blow out.
Wednesday 06
Walk right after breakfast. Our toilet blew out.
Thursday 07
Did tumble weeds at the end of the day.  Fixed toilet.
Friday 08
Ravi comes over for a late afternoon dinner.  Early in the morning I went to the Post Office to mail off some letters for Hb and I.  Communication with Craig Foster about ubnt.
Saturday 09
Whole Foods for some shopping followed by a walk around Old Town.  Hb went to get some jewelery fixed and then spoke in Spanish to Art and his wife Ellie who is from Guadalajara.  They just got back from Tlaquepaque.  Afterwards I hit the shed for the first time since returning from Corvallis.  Hung out for awhile with Glenn and Diana.
Sunday 10
Early lunch at the Range followed by a walk at the Tamaya.  We saw Diana and Judith at the Tamaya as they had just had lunch. It was an absolutely gorgeous mid autumn day in central NM.
Monday 11
Talked to John for the first time since I have been back.  Walk late in the day on the north mesa.
Tuesday 12
Talked to Ty Belknap in his new car.  Walked around the block at dusk, and then I kept going.  Things are starting to feel like we are back at home which is a nice thing.
Wednesday 13
One of my best days so far since being back.  Got some stuff done today including picking all of the cactus stickers out of my $3 black jacket I picked up at the massive estate sale where I spent over $30 on clothes purchasing 11 items including the black jacket that I bit the dust with the other night when I tried to head down the hill on a partial moon behind Alvaro’s house.  Included in the rout was two other T shirts which also got picked apart.  After doing this I did some laundry.  Mainly all of my winter socks that I brought back from Diana’s on Sunday.  Late in the day I went for a walk and met Susan and Tom.
Thursday 14
Work outside around 4PM.  Made huge progress on getting big piles of tumbleweeds built.  Some of which was dropped off the arroyo cliff.  I love it here !
Friday 15
Spoke to Nancy Day.  Never left the house as a storm rolled in, in the afternoon, and prevented me from going outside to dump tumbleweeds.  Hb and I watched a cute movie at night that took place in England with a beautiful lady and 3 suitors.  The good looking young guy won out.
Saturday 16
Hung with Joe and Nancy at their house.  Nancy gave us a beautiful painting of a bird.  We hung out in front of their fire, walked down to the studio and had some hot tea.  In town for lunch at the La Fonda.  We love that place, I didn’t eat too much food but did eat too many cookies.  Stopped by the Monroe gallery and spoke to Michelle for awhile.  This is our second long conversation with her.  She is cool and as Hb points out smart.  Dropped by the Inn of Loretto prior to driving back home.  Hb went out with the girls this evening for Elise’s birthday party.
Sunday 17
Vegan pot luck with John at Thai Vegan.  I brought a rice and vegetable dish.  Afterwards we went shopping and then went to Angie and Laurie’s for a light chicken salad dinner.  Nina and I had a nice conversation in Spanish.  They told us about their trip to France.  It was our first time seeing them and our first time in their new house east of Tramway.
Monday 18
Worked in the late afternoon on gathering up the final first batch of tumble weeds.
Tuesday 19
Met Robert’s father Merlin at the end of the day on our walk.
Wednesday 20
Stayed inside all day as it rained.  Long talk with Scott in the evening.  Academia is a big JOKE, based again on his experience with his advisors and his attempt to get his PhD.  Hb went out at around 1PM with Nancy to a lecture in the early evening.
Thursday 21
Hb and I did a walk around the block.
Friday 22
First stop in town was the bank.  Did some major clean up there and brought lots more paper work home for the fire.  Then on to get my pants done for $7.  What a great deal.  Dentist went well and then nice long walk with John in Corvallis.  We did the big loop and crossed the ditch to the north, and the back around on Meadow Lark.  I had always wanted to do that walk but never took the time.
Saturday 23
Hung out mostly at the Cedar Light company with Conrad Sloop.  Dropped by the elementary school for some cookies and walked back to my car at the winery.  Saw Jim Fish and talked to him briefly.  The weather was very cold, windy, with snow in the air.
Sunday 24
Major winter storm hits NM and we had a dusting of snow.  Hb and I go to the full circuit once again for the Holiday Fair.  Got to admit here that this year was pretty lame.  Oh well, yet another reason we are going to Oregon for some new blood.
Monday 25
Take ashes outside and bury them at the end of the day.  We got a new spot for them just east of the old spot.  Walk around the block post burial.
Tuesday 26
Mellow day at home.
Wednesday 27
Work till about 5PM and then went for a walk.
Thursday 28
John, Rand, Tessie, Sima, Luke, Ashley, Tanner for Thanksgiving.  Went for a long walk with John and Rand after dinner.  Ashley and Luke arrive around 12:30 in the afternoon from Denver.
Friday 29
Stayed home all day and took the dogs for a long walk.
Saturday 30
Walk with Luke in the morning, Hb and Ashley went into town.  Late in the day we went to Gabe’s birthday party and then on to Lauriel’s birthday party.


December


Sunday 01
Peter, Nancy, and Joe Day for a pizza lunch.  Hang out with Peter all day.  Fire in the evening.
Monday 02
Peter leaves after breakfast.
Tuesday 03
Mellow day at home.
Wednesday 04
Spoke to Dad at 1PM.
Thursday 05
Woke up to a couple inches of snow.  Hb went to the Merc to get some bananas, chips and water.  Around 3PM I went out for a long walk in the snow up to the end of the road on the south overlook hill.
Friday 06
Food shopping and lunch at Thai Vegan.
Saturday 07
Nob Hill stroll, Central was closed.  Food shopping prior.  Marcy and Anne’s for dinner.
Sunday 08
Walk late in the day.  Made reservations for Florida for Hb.  Hb made a nice sausage dish with sweet potatoes.
Monday 09
Too cold and cloudy even to go outside.
Tuesday 10
Hb and I went for a walk right after my talk at 1PM.  It was a gorgeous cold sunny day in central NM.  Upon our return home we gathered some wood for inside the house.
Wednesday 11
Hb gone all day, she went to the movies with Nancy in the afternoon.  I went for a walk around the block after dark 3 times.  Jason, Rochelle and Nick came out to pick up some wood.  They put it in their trailer and then we went and got some kindling.
Thursday 12
Went into town back to the sdb for several hours.  Then stopped by the bank to open up a business savings for Ag.
Friday 13
Judith’s art opening at the library at 5PM.
Saturday 14
Santa Fe all day.  Farmer’s Market in the morning, followed by lunch at the Guadalupe Cafe which is now the Dragon Bar at the Pink Adobe.  After lunch stopped by a gallery where we met Michael who lives here and in Key West.  The artist showed an ostrich on every painting.
Sunday 15
Mellow day at home.  Went for the big loop walk in the Open Space at around noon.
Monday 16
Mellow day at home.
Tuesday 17
Hb goes to see a movie with Nancy and has dinner in town.  Peter arrives after dinner with Mike and Megan.  They bought a house in the south valley for 60K in a really cool spot.
Wednesday 18
Hang out with Peter in the morning and have a nice lunch of Tacos.  Hb and I went for a long walk out to Pam’s road.
Thursday 19
Peter leaves in the morning and Hb goes to Santa Fe tambien to do some Christmas shopping.
Friday 20
Not a good day for Hb and I.  This is the day she had her car accident at Whole Foods.  Earlier in the day I spoke to M & D and Tom & Ines.
Saturday 21
A bleak day in Placitas.  I went for a walk at the end of the day.
Sunday 22
Things are looking up today.  I went for a walk early in the day and then took a hot bath.
Monday 23
Went into town with Nancy to buy groceries.  Hb went to deal with her car and have it towed to Jason’s house.  Gorgeous sunny day just prior to Christmas Eve.  Went for a walk up on the north mesa around 3PM, then back up the hill and around.  We have been watching the Ken Burns series on the West which was done in 1996.
Tuesday 24
Mellow day at home, did some house cleaning.  In the evening Hb and I read prayers to each other in celebration of Christmas Eve.  For dinner we had Ravi’s famous bean dish with lots of good spices.
Wednesday 25
Spoke to Luke, Ashley and Tanner on Facetime.
Thursday 26
off the computer today, mellow day at home.
Friday 27
off the computer today, mellow day at home.
Saturday 28
John came over and we went for a hike and had a real nice time having lunch with him.
Sunday 29
off the computer today, mellow day at home.
Monday 30
Went into town with Nancy and Hb went to the chiropractor to get checked out.  We then did some food shopping and came home.
Tuesday 31
The final day of the year was a good one.  Especially after all we have been through this past 10 days.  Michele’s accident is slowly getting behind us.  But Jason’s current ordeal continues to haunt me on a daily basis.  I got a New Year’s greeting from David and Nina which was nice.  Todo bien, to another good year in 2014.  Love, Michael