2014


January


Wednesday 01
It has been sunny here for days.  We are blessed with good weather.  Started out the day by reading a holiday note from Nina Rosenburg.  They were down in Patagonia on a camping trip.  Then did my whole diary dance for the year, making copies etc.  Sent Michael off an email about getting the Spinnakr stock options issue resolved.  In the evening we went to Judith and Norm’s house for snacks, then we had a steak dinner with Michael, Zack and Norm.  Later in the evening we went over to Michael and Dawn’s house so Judith could then take us back home.  We had a very nice evening.
Thursday 02
Nice talk with Susie Sigman in the early evening.  She sent us a YouTube video from her recent stand up gig.  Shoring up some accounts that had cards associated with them for the New Year.  Hb made a turkey and a pumpkin pie.
Friday 03
Hb went into town with Nancy to go to a movie.
Saturday 04
John came over in the evening to hang out with us, eat popcorn and do tarot readings.  Nice talk with Peter Day.  His plane is delayed until Tuesday due to weather issues in the northeast.
Sunday 05
Diana came out to our house to give Hb a massage.
Monday 06
Early morning walk to get the mail.
Tuesday 07
Early morning walk to get the mail and drop off a letter.  This was my second early morning walk in a row, and I am enjoying going out early in the morning.  Its a good time to walk.
Wednesday 08
Thursday 09
Long talk with Peter day just after dinner.
Friday 10
Hb went into town to go the chiropractor in Placitas, followed by a trip to Walmart.  The lady picked her up at 10AM.  I had a nice talk with Jason about life. 
Saturday 11
John comes over for a dal lunch and conversation.  Afterwards I spoke to Elizabeth for a short time.
Sunday 12
Cherie comes over late in the day.  Earlier Hb and I made pizza.  Spoke to wgm and michele on skype.
Monday 13
Packed for Florida and went for a walk around the block around 3PM.  The weather was crappy with wind.
Tuesday 14
Watched the final episode of the West by Ken Burns.  It was the final 10 minutes of the show after 9 episodes that showed me in a movie what the spiritual journey is all about.  If it is available, continue to watch this shot.  There were 63 million people in the US in 1893, 17 million of them west of the Mississippi.
Wednesday 15
Did not even go for a walk today but took a bath early in the day.
Thursday 16
Final day at home prior to departure.  Work was busy after our call figuring out a database issue.
Friday 17
John picked us up at 12:30PM.  Lunch at Thai Vegan.  Walk around LaQuinta near the airport north on the other side of Gibson towards the University.
Saturday 18
Up early, breakfast at the LaQuinta.  Got the 8AM shuttle to the airport and worked for awhile.  Mellow flight to Dallas, and Fort Myers.  Dinner at Jason’s Deli.
Sunday 19
Gorgeous sunny day but cool.  Did a hot tub in the evening.
Monday 20
Bike ride over to West Bay.  Walk around the Master’s prior to dusk.
Tuesday 21
Bike ride with Dad over to West Bay.  We met Paul, who was from Toronto and he told us all about Canada’s weakening dollar against the US and corruption in the eastern part of Canada.  He said the western part of Canada was cleaner.  Dad and I went to pick up a pizza for dinner.  Spoke to Peter Day, he is buying a new car.
Wednesday 22
Mother and I did a 2 mile walk over to the Rivers club.  I have been talking to Iris in the evening after dinner.
Thursday 23
Dad and I did a long bike ride over to West Bay again.  Earlier we swung by the bank and went to the Farmer’s market.
Friday 24
Nice long walk through the nature preserve for the first time. Myra and Mort came over for dinner.
Saturday 25
Dinner at Bravo.  Earlier in the afternoon Dad and I went kayaking by going right towards 41.
Sunday 26
Mom and Dad played golf in the morning and I spoke with Brian Wehrung.  In the late afternoon I went swimming and then we had dinner with Marsha at the River’s Club.
Monday 27
Lunch with Mother at the Club at noon.  In the late afternoon I went swimming.
Tuesday 28
Dad and I got some pizza just before dark, and then I went over to the block party and ate a bit of food.  Earlier in the afternoon I went for a bike ride over to West Bay and then went for a loop walk around the Masters.  Mom and Dad played nine holes of golf in the afternoon.
Wednesday 29
Fred came over for dinner at 6:30PM.  I went for a short walk prior to that.
Thursday 30
Rained all day.
Friday 31
Went to the airport to pick up Hb.  Sat at the cell phone lot until she arrived.  The went to Jason’s deli for dinner.


February


Saturday 01
We went for a boat ride out to the Gulf.  Then we walked on the beach for one hour.  On the way back we spoke to a mom and daughter.  She was from Williamstown, Ma and the mom was going to Ecuador.  Then we came back home, had lunch, and went on a bike ride over to West Bay.  We sat outside at the pool.  Then we came home and did a hot tub and went swimming.  Then we had a nice salmon and broccoli and rice dinner.
Sunday 02
Hb and I went for a bike ride over to Coconut Point.  Walked around and had a yogurt.  Then we rode home and had lunch and went up to the big pool to go swimming and hot tubbing with M & D.  Then we went to dinner at Brio and walked around the outside mall there.
Monday 03
Leave Estero around noon after picking up the car.  Lunch at Publix somewhere around Sarasota.  Arrived at Cathy’s Lake House around 4PM.  Then dinner in town at a nice Italian restaurant.  Hb and I had chicken and a chef salad.  In the evening we talked to Cathy, her Mom Flavia and her uncle Jim who was down from Virginia.  He drove the 12 hours in one day.
Tuesday 04
Hang with Grandpa and Betty all day.  Had a nice meal of BBQ and baked beans at around 3PM.  It was really nice spending time with them.  We took them back to show us our place.
Wednesday 05
Went to the zoo with Grandpa and saw the manatees and the gators.  Had a smoke chicken, red potatoes, rice and broccoli for a nice lunch at their house.
Thursday 06
Arrive Gainesville.  Lunch at a Black restaurant on the other side of town.  I had meat loaf, black eyed peas and mac and cheese.  
Friday 07
Walk after breakfast in nice neighborhood near hotel.  Check out at noon.  Lunch at a great Mexican restaurant after checking out a 16 foot Penske truck.  Check in at our hotel and chill out the rest of the afternoon.  Dinner with Bob at a great Cuban restaurant downtown Gainesville.
Saturday 08
Bob’s house at 11:30AM.  Hang out with him and his dogs.  Lunch at The Jones restaurant.  Walk around the campus and look for alligators in the lake.  Back to hotel to chill out, then a nice Italian dinner with Bob.
Sunday 09
Breakfast at the hotel.  Drive south and have lunch at a shopping center.  We got some bulk nuts and candy.  Stop at a garden with bananas.  Dinner at Whole Foods.  Home and go swimming and hot tub.
Monday 10
First day back to work.  Hb and I go on a bike ride and swimming.
Tuesday 11
Mellow day at home.  Went for a nice swim with M & D late in the day.  Mother actually got in the hot tub with Dad.  It was a site I will always remember.  We had our final dinner of salmon.  Hb and I hung at the hot tub for awhile enjoying our final moments of a glorious journey to Florida.
Wednesday 12
Left for airport at 3:30PM.  Got to Dallas at 8:30PM.  Small salad for dinner at Au Bon Pain.  Arrive into ABQ at 11:30PM and stayed at the La Quinta.
Thursday 13
Woke up and rented the car for a week online via Expedia.  The internet is great, in this case as a consumer it rocks.  Shopping all day running around, stopped by to get Hb tax documents.  Small lunch at Whole Foods.  Stopped at La Torterilla in Bernalillo on the way home.  I love the Spanish language.
Friday 14
Took Hb into town for her blood draw, and then swung by the sdb for possibly the last time prior to our departure.  Picked Hb up at the Flying Star on RioGrande and then swung by Walmart to pick up some items for packing.  Home by 1PM, worked the rest of the day. Hb made her famous chicken soup for dinner.
Saturday 15
Worked all day.  Went to the Placitas library for a talk on movies that were shot in NM.  The best and most interesting movie was “Ace in the Hole”.  Saw Judith at the library, she is doing well.
Sunday 16
Hang at Diana and Glenn’s house for awhile.  Glenn and I walked over to where the ditch starts.  Then we had lunch with Rand and Tessie at the Flying Star.  Then we went to do some more shopping and got home around 5PM.
Monday 17
Mellow day at home.  Nancy came by here for lunch and I worked the whole time she was here.  Came out at the end just to say hello.
Tuesday 18
Met John at the Tamaya at 2PM and went for a nice walk.  Hung out afterwards in front of the fireplace.  Hb and I then headed over to Home Depot and Walmart and stopped by the Merc on the way home to buy some bananas and chips.  Went for a walk when I got home.
Wednesday 19
Went into town to the SunFlower Market to do our final food shop with our rental car.  Stopped by TJ’s and then came home.  I went for a walk around the block late in the day.
Thursday 20
Up early, dropped off the car at Enterprise around 8:30AM.  They took us over to the train station.  We then got picked up in Bernalillo by Joseph who took us home.  We stopped by the Bernalillo Senior Center with him to pick up the lunches for all of the folks at the Placitas Community Center.
Friday 21
Finished taxes up in the morning and filed.  In the afternoon we hauled tumble weeds over the bank.  It was a gorgeous early spring afternoon in central NM and I was happy working in the yard, but was ALSO happy knowing we were leaving this place (basically) in my mind for good.
Saturday 22
Lori and Angie for a pizza lunch.  Spoke to Peter Day in the evening from 9PM to 10:30PM.
Sunday 23
Worked outside in the late morning and early afternoon on the tumbleweeds.  I then went over to the open house and met Mark Parker on my walk around the block.  He gave me some info on the housing market in Placitas.
Monday 24
Walk around the block after picking up a bunch more tumbleweeds.  The weather has been gorgeous in the late afternoon with hardly any wind.
Tuesday 25
Hb and I walk around the block at the end of the day, then we came home and took a bath after eating dinner.
Wednesday 26
Hb made us a nice chicken dinner with red potatoes and broccoli.  Earlier in the day Hb went into town with her people to go to the bank and do some shopping.  This is the second night in a row I have walked around the block twice.
Thursday 27
Mellow day at home.
Friday 28
Hb and Nancy went into town for dinner and a movie.  I went for a walk around the block after dark.


March


Saturday 01
First day of March brings in some rain.  Cheri came over in the morning to look at moving some plants over to her house.
Sunday 02
Hb moved plants to George and Cheri’s house and Ty and Barb’s house.  Ty is going out on the Colorado for 24 days on Tuesday.  It will be his third time on the river and he puts in at Lees Ferry Road.  Late in the day I went on a big walk around the block on the north road and around.  It was a very peaceful, mellow walk.
Monday 03
Walk around the big block and pick up the mail.
Tuesday 04
Walk out to the mailbox and then around the block.  It was a looming storm on the horizon.  Hb made cookies.
Wednesday 05
Walk around the big north block.
Thursday 06
Nina arrives around 1:30PM.  I go for a walk after dark.
Friday 07
Hb and I walked prior to Nina and Hb going to the Placitas Cafe to hear Barb Belknap play some music.
Saturday 08
Awesome going away party with Glenn in the later part of the day.  Everyone was here.
Sunday 09
Great hike with Rand and Andy down on the bosque. Lunch at Flying Star.  Hang with Glenn and Diana and get the bikes out of the shed.  Andy drove me into town to do all of this.  We also dropped off some trash.
Monday 10
Back to work and a mellow day.  Andy and Nina were still here.  They leave tomorrow.
Tuesday 11
John and I went for a walk in our usual place after a nice lunch at the Placitas Cafe.
Wednesday 12
Hb birthday and she went to court with Jason.
Thursday 13
We finalized our move for next Wednesday March 19.
Friday 14
Nailed down some movers for when we arrive in Corvallis.  Late in the day Hb went out with Nancy to go to Blade’s and a movie and I partied here by myself literally.  James Dunbar came over last Saturday and I saw him this evening as a metaphor.
Saturday 15
Katrina and Jeff came over to our house at 5:30PM prior to our going away party at Ty and Barb’s house.  Earlier in the day James Dunbar came over to do the solar panels possibly for the last time.
Sunday 16
Jim Palmer came over for a late lunch.  Earlier in the day I got all of the trash together including all of the glass we had saved over the past literally 3 years.  I moved back into Michele’s house on March 23, 2011.  I arrived back in the states from Buenos Aires on March 9, 2011 and arrived back home in Placitas 2 weeks later.  Since that time we had collected lots of glass that was used for beans, and other assorted and sundry spices etc…  All of the excess stuff we weren’t taking to Corvallis was buried down in the big old ash pile.  Also, helped Barb Belknap unload some old skis that we gave her that were previously down in Michele’s shed.
Monday 17
It was so windy out today that I never even went for a walk.
Tuesday 18
Final full day at home prior to picking up the truck tomorrow.
Wednesday 19
Michele’s ride folks came by at 10AM and we went to Lowe’s to buy a lock for the truck.  Picked up the truck, then swung by Hb bank and then went home.  Marcy’s friend came by with his friend and they packed up our truck.  I went for my final walk at dusk by feeding the horse some carrots and then walking down the road to Bill Patterson’s house and up the arroyo.
Thursday 20
Final meanderings and packing up the truck.  Lunch in Cortez, Co. at the organic store where we had smoothies.  We tried to go the Farm restaurant but they closed at 3PM.  Arrived Moab and had a great dinner at Miguel’s a Mexican restaurant to blocks from our hotel at the Rodeway Inn.
Friday 21
Drove to the Days Inn in Ogden.  We ate leftovers for a late lunch after buying water at Smith’s.  Hot tub and swimming and wrote my poem called Away that evening.
Saturday 22
Drove to Boise.  Walk along the river walk behind the Spring Hill Suites.  Earlier in the day we had a nice Thai lunch at our favorite Thai restaurant in Twin Falls.  Dinner with Jim and Rita next door to our hotel in a Sports Bar.  The live music was too loud.  Then back to our hotel for more talking.
Sunday 23
Drive to Bend from Boise along Hwy 20.  We had a early dinner at Whole Foods in Bend.  Then back to our hotel, the Red Lion Inn.  Then we walked downtown Bend which is about a 15 minute walk from our hotel.
Monday 24
Up early, leave Bend around 6:30AM, and arrive in Sister’s at Angeline’s for a breakfast of granola.  Then take a break just east of Sweet Home.  Arrive into Corvallis around 10AM.  Jason came by at around noon, and we dropped off the truck at 2PM.  Dinner at Peter’s with Kerry and Diane.
Tuesday 25
First day back to work at Peter’s house.  In the evening I got all of my clothes unpacked.
Wednesday 26
Comcast guy showed up in the morning and set up our internet.  Hb and I go for a long walk late in the day around the park.
Thursday 27
Hang out at Peter’s house in the evening after dinner.  We delivered some extra trash to his house.  Earlier in the afternoon Brian and Julie came by to pick up all of our old packing boxes.
Friday 28
Comcast guy who is our neighbor, comes to our house to let us know we will get all new hardware or piping for our connection.  I go for a walk by getting on the bus and riding into town, and then walking back home via Mary’s Park.
Saturday 29
Went to the indoor Farmer’s Market for the first time.  In the afternoon we went for a walk down to the river.  We had chicken and had Peter over for dinner.
Sunday 30
Party at Bob and Heidi’s house, along with John and Pat who live north of town in Lewisburg, Jan and Boyd and Peter.
Monday 31
Walked over to the Marysville Golf course and completely around the course.


April


Tuesday 01
Took the bus into town and looked around some furniture stores.  Then we walked home.
Wednesday 02
Leave the house at 9AM, arrive Eugene 10AM.  Walked up to 13th, and then west to it dead ends.  Then back up the bikeway to Lawrence and back to the office.  After lunch at the Indian restaurant we went back to Amazon Park and did a big walk in both directions.  South to 33rd, and North to 19th.  Basically walking the whole core of the park.  It was our first time doing that.  Afterwards, we went to Valley River Mall and Hb got some stuff at Macy’s and I bought some goggles to go swimming.  We messed up getting back on the Highway, and the key is to go over the bridge to get on the highway going north and then catch Beltline.  If you just get right on the Highway and don’t go over the bridge you are going the wrong way. 
Thursday 03
Walk late in the once again around the golf course but this I cut over towards the next street called Wake Robin.
Friday 04
Concert at the coho main space near our house for a night with David Roth.  His music really made Michele and I see to another level.  This was our first time ever to coho.
Saturday 05
Fun day in Salem.  We stopped by Big 5 and I bought some shoes near the Vitamin Cottage in Salem.  Then lunch at our favorite restaurant Word of Mouth.  Afterwards we walked around downtown and had some cookies at the bakery that is going out of business.
Sunday 06
Mellow day at home.  Had Peter over for dinner.  In the afternoon we went for a walk around the park.
Monday 07
In the afternoon we drove out to the end of Airport Road and parked near the Inavale Farm.  Afterwards we stopped by the Hilton Garden Inn to check out accommodations for M & D.
Tuesday 08
Jason came by to do the lawn with Hb.  In the late afternoon we booked Hb’s ticket to go to Denver in May for Mem Day Weekend.  Also, I did some work on trimming back and digging up some black berries.  I think for now I am good working on this stuff.  As long as I have them held back and maintained I don’t think I have to dig them all up.  Think of the Buffalo, people were possessed at the time of killing all of the buffalo, I don’t want to be too possessed of digging up all of the black berries, until there is another option there that makes more sense.  Remember, you can’t over think or be smarter than Mother Nature.
Wednesday 09
Hb and I went to a talk at OSU on the health of our lakes in the USA.  The woman from the EPA talked about measuring the health via isotopes.  Prior to the talk we went to the public library and I checked out two books.
Thursday 10
Comcast came out today and upped our internet speed.  It wasn’t ever a hardware problem but a software problem on their end.  All of our moving boxes are now gone, Carol came by and picked them up.  I had a long talk with Scott Williams.  He finished he PhD defense yesterday April 09, and today on the 10th we had a nice long chat.  He was back at his office in Las Cruces.  In the evening we went to Grassroots Bookstore to hear Tim Paulson talk about the making of his book “Gentle Savage Still Seeking the End of the Spear” where he discusses the Ecuador Amazon Jungle and how these people live.
Friday 11
Went for a run in the park for the first time since being back from Placitas.  Hb got her bike back and we went for a bike ride.  It was her first on her own bike in Oregon.  She got the bike tuned up earlier in the week.  In the evening, we went over to Peter’s house and I did some sweeping of his house.
Saturday 12
Went to the Farmer’s Market in the morning followed by the library all afternoon to hear a piano talk on Steinway and Sons.  It was a marvelous afternoon at the library.  We had a nice dinner at the sushi restaurant.
Sunday 13
Hang out at the Old World Deli for Corvallis Dollars Day.  Went for a bike ride with Chris and Peter through campus and out to 53rd.  Then back around the bike trail south of Hwy 20.  It was our first time going for a bike ride with Peter in Corvallis.
Monday 14
Hb mowed the lawn and at 6PM we went to a talk at the Old World Deli for the Science Pub on using Natural Gas to power car engines.
Tuesday 15
Made a reservation for Mom and Dad for their Southwest flight home tomorrow from Tampa to Pittsburgh.  They were driving from their house to Tampa and could not do it themselves.
Wednesday 16
Great time in Eugene !  For the first time I walked up in the hills.  Started at the J-Tea house on Friendly street and 28th and headed into the hills.  Along the way I discovered the Wayne Morse Ranch City Park.  Afterwards Hb and I walked along the river for about one hour.  Then we had lunch at the Lotus Garden Vegetarian.  Afterwards we had dessert at Sweet Life for the first time.  Wow, what a find in Eugene.  We got home and Patrick stopped by.  He is going to fix our toilet seal in the morning.
Thursday 17
Patrick came over and replaced the seal on our toilet as there was a small leak at the base of the toilet.  Did NOT go out side today, Hb went to the movie in the afternoon.
Friday 18
Awesome hike up the Cardwell Hill Road and down to the Mary’s River.  Late lunch / early dinner at our favorite mexican restaurant on King’s Road.
Saturday 19
Farmers Market followed by lunch at the sushi restaurant with Peter.  In the evening we we went over to the co-housing for a nice pot luck.  We met Susan Hyne and Bruce Hecht.  Bruce started the eco housing and was the key developer on the project managing all of the affordable housing stuff etc.  Ken was the pot luck too, and he sat across from us.
Sunday 20
Eugene for the gem faire.  Went on the back roads west of Monroe.  At Monroe you head due south instead of southeast to Junction City which is the normal route.  I went for a walk up Friendly Street and Hb sold her nice watch with the coral band.  Afterwards we went for another walk at the Wayne Morse Farm.
Then we had a very nice Easter lunch at our favorite Thai restaurant in Eugene and then dessert at the patiserie. 
Monday 21
Never left the house as it was kind of a rainy day.
Tuesday 22
Dinner with Steve Lawson at Koriander at 5:30.  Earlier in the day we walked around the park.
Wednesday 23
Mellow day at home.
Thursday 24
Trader Joes, then I walked home from the coop and Hb and I cut the grass.
Friday 25
CoHo Housing for a nice dinner followed by a lecture on nutrition.  We did the dishes at CoHo for the first time.
Saturday 26
Farmer’s Market in the morning followed by getting my passport picture at Rite Aid.  Hung out at Peter’s house in the afternoon with dinner at our house in the evening.
Sunday 27
Went for a walk late in the day.  At 1PM we went over to CoHo for a tour of the place and to meet with Susan Hyne.  We started our coho friends application on this day.
Monday 28
Drove over to Toyota and they brought me back home.  Then I took the bus into town to mail off my Passport application.  Then I walked to the Coop to pick up some apples and cucumbers.  Hb got a delivery of bark this morning too.  The weather is gorgeous today and my walk was real nice.  They came and picked me up for the car.  And then Hb and I went for a walk out on Kiger Island.  We had fun.  The rode back home around the park.
Tuesday 29
OSU Library and Public Library.  Hb went to Salem.  Michael went sailing this week in the Caribbean.   In the evening we went to see a talk given by Adam Braun who is the founder of Pencils of Promise.
Wednesday 30
Spoke to Justin early in the morning.  In the late afternoon we went for a walk out Airport Rd, only this time we turned left instead of right and headed out from there.  It was about 80 degrees today and the weather was hot and sunny.  It was the warmest day of the year here in Oregon.  Long talk with John Gutman about life.


May


Thursday 01
Dishes at Coho in the evening.  Met Amy Becker who helped us do the dishes and she told us about the JCC.  Afterwards Hb and I took three books over to Steve and Phil was there.  He told us about the accident with his leg.
Friday 02
Cut the grass around mid afternoon.  Also, the back 40 is looking nicer now too.
Saturday 03
Took a drive out Airport Rd and then took Ervin Rd to Decker Rd and drove south east on Decker back to Petersen.  It was my first time ever on Ervin Rd and Decker Rd.  We were out here a few days back but walked past Ervin Rd. and past the left hand turn onto Petersen to where Richie Lane dead ends onto Penland Drive.  After our drive we drove into Philomath and had a nice lunch for the first time at Gathering Together Farm.  From here we drove up to Witham Hill and hung out at the park at the top of the hill overlooking the city.  From there TJ’s for bananas and then home.  It was a cloudy rainy day today, after some mid 80s days yesterday and earlier in the week.  So we are back to normal.
Sunday 04
First time down to Irish Bend Park.  The valley is gorgeous.  We got hit with some rain showers, but they moved through quickly.  It was a beautiful day.  Peter came over for dinner and we watched the movie Muscle Shoals.
Monday 05
Spoke to Iris on her birthday.
Tuesday 06
Walk at 6:30AM, sunny clear chilly morning.  Went for a walk in the evening.  Saw patrick, izzy, and cooper prior to walk and hung out and talked to them.  cooper has a cool skate board, and has 29 days left of school.
Wednesday 07
Spanish film festival in the evening.  Saw the movie El Regreso.  It was a superb movie about life in Costa Rica.
Thursday 08
Spanish film festival in the evening.  Saw the movie Que culpa tiene el tomate.  Not good, it was about markets in south america.  We left early.
Friday 09
Hb went to the movie in the afternoon.
Saturday 10
Breakfast in Philomath at our favorite restaurant at the Gathering Farm.  Then went to the Farmer’s Market.  Mowed the grass in the afternoon and had Peter, Sherry, and John for dinner. Hb made pizza.
Sunday 12
Lunch at James John Cafe in the St. Johns neighborhood.  The restaurant is across the street from the bank and just there when you get off the bridge.  Drove up the back way through Hillsboro.  Stopped at the Cornellius Pass Roadhouse just south of 26.  Walked around the St. Johns neighborhood after lunch.  Then over to the hotel.  Then walked along the Columbia River from the hotel.  The docks and the houses on the river are absolutely gorgeous and the day was perfect.  Had an early soup and salad bar and then went for a swim and hot tub.
Monday 13
Get to Kaiser at 7am.  Up at 5:30AM, breakfast at 6AM.  Walk around the hospital area.  Over to University of Portland.   Lunch at Rosa Parks MAX stop at the grocery store there.  Walked down to Rose Quarter Transit Center as the MAX was down.  Took a shuttle back.
Tuesday 13
Walk in Oak Creek Canyon mid afternoon.  Earlier in the day Peter stopped by with Robert Scavron so he could pick up Hb’s bike.
Wednesday 14
Dinner at Peter’s house with Robert Scavron.
Thursday 15
Lunch at Koriander.  We met Insun’s husband Gary who was our waiter.  Earlier in the day I went for a walk around the park and then saw Patrick and Izzy and did another short walk back to the park with them.  Stopped by Boyd’s house and he showed us his backyard as well as going into his barn and going upstairs on the ladder to see Jan’s material.
Friday 16
Dinner at Peter’s with Robert Scavron.  We had a nice fish and also did the first fire in Peter’s new wood stove.
Saturday 17
Went for a walk downtown, stopped by the bank and the post office.  Walked north of town along the river to the holiday inn trail.  That is where the trail ends.  Stopped by the coop on the way home and bought a chicken.
Sunday 18
Walked around Reed College.  Bumped into Carrie.  Went with her and her brother Rob to Crystal Springs Rhododendron Garden.  Lunch at My Thai Bistro on Hawthorne.  Drove home and went for a hot tub and a swim.
Monday 19
Breakfast followed by walk along the Columbia.  Then walk home along the road on Hayden Island.  Hang in room till 11:30AM, then lunch at New Seasons Market on Rosa Parks and Interstate just up from the medical center.  Home by 5PM, left Portland at 3PM.  Cut off south of salem on Kuebler Road.
Tuesday 20
Up at 2:30AM, leave the house at 3:30AM.  Back at 5:10AM, took exactly 100 minutes which means its less than 50 minutes each way as I dropped Hb off.  In the afternoon, I went to TJ’s to get my food for the week.  Then mowed the grass, spoke to Peter, and hung out with Patrick and Izzy for awhile.
Wednesday 21
Osu library to drop off a book I had checked out and got three books at the Corvallis public library 
Thursday 22
Dinner at Coho.  Did some watering and yard work after dinner.  Completed Coho Friends membership application after many weeks of process.
Friday 23
Walk around the park early in the morning.  Dinner with Peter at the Middle Eastern restaurant.  Drive around town with Peter looking at houses till dark.
Saturday 24
Left the house at 6:30AM.  I had breakfast in Florence around 9AM at the mexican restaurant.  I sat outside.  Then into Coos Bay.  Checked into the Red Lion Hotel and then drove over to the Estuary Sanctuary and did the whole trail.  It was gorgeous.  Lunch at a Thai restaurant in town and then walked around the hill above the hotel and then back into town and then home.  Bed early around 8am.
Sunday 25
Leave Coos Bay at 6:30AM.  Breakfast in Reedsport at the bakery.  I had a big bowl of oatmeal and bought some bread.  Walked around Hendricks City Park for the first time.  Then stopped by the bakery to buy a cookie.  Then drove home.
Monday 26
Tyee winery on Greenbury with Peter, Amy, Diane, Kerry, Lisa, and Steve, who heads up the Maritime museum in Newport.
Tuesday 27
Pick up Hb at the airport around 2PM.  Prior to that I went for a short walk in Junction City from the Safeway.  Afterwards we went into Eugene and had lunch at Thai Basil “Express” near the university and off of 13th street.
Wednesday 28
Walk early in the morning.  I am enjoying my early morning walks.  Cut the grass in the mid afternoon.  It was nice as it rained showers during the process.
Thursday 29
Hb and I go for a bike ride with Patrick and Izzy.  We take a break at Lilly Park and then do one more ride around the park to the Landing.  It was an absolutely gorgeous day.
Friday 30
Worked all day, Hb went to Eugene to get her iPhone fixed.
Saturday 31
In the morning we went to the Farmer’s Market.  Peter came over for dinner and we had burgers.  Nice talk with John Z. about life and where are both at.


June


Sunday 01
Ultimate frisbee tournament for high school students in the park.  Rode our parks downtown in the evening, and turned around soon before the sun was setting.
Monday 02
Mellow day at home.
Tuesday 03
Worked all day, never went out.
Wednesday 04
Hb and I bought a desk today from Dora.  Gary Christensen, see contacts, picked up the desk at her house and delivered it.  Late in the afternoon I cut the grass.  I went for a walk down to the river around 8AM.
Thursday 05
Hb and I went to fax off my health insurance document for Kaiser Permanente.  Today I talked to both Michael and Adam and we decided to do health insurance on our own.  They will no longer pay for my health insurance, however the agreement is that I will get reimbursed for the cost.  In the evening Hb and I went for a walk and then I called Eli Scavron for our first talk.
Friday 06
Dinner at the sushi restaurant downtown.  I had 2 simple rolls and Hb had one.  Went for an early morning walk.
Saturday 07
Farmer’s market in the morning.  Gathering Together Farm with Peter for lunch followed by hang out at you pick em strawberry fields.  Then we went over to the Lumos Winery on Cardwell Hill Road to hang outside.  We talked to the vinter whose name is Dai.
Sunday 08
Bike ride in the morning out to 53rd via Brooklane and Nash, cut across 49th.  Spoke to Sam Sigman, John, and Iris.  In the evening we went to a talk on Buddhism. 
Monday 09
Eugene all day.  I went for a walk up to the coop on Hilyard and 24th while Hb was in her appt.  Then together we walked from 21st and University up the hill to the park.  Along the way we met a Christian minister and his friend and they told us about Thai restaurants.  We had lunch at Sabai across the river and then went to Big5 and Target where I bought some underwear.  We got home and I spoke to Mom and Dad.  A good day was had by all.  Jan came over to the house for the first time.
Tuesday 10
At around 4PM today Michael and Adam broke me the bad news.  Earlier Hb and I went over to Home Depot to shop for a screen door.  In the evening we went for a walk and stopped by Patrick and Mindy’s.  It was our first time in their backyard.
Wednesday 11
Hung out at Peter’s house in the evening with Diane.  Peter had just received a cord and one half of wood.  And we were sitting in front of his wood pile.  Earlier we went for a bike ride.  Earlier I went to the library and got some new books and then on the bus ride home I got off at Alexander and saw a sign for the Farmer’s Market at Lincoln elementary.  I met Luke who works the farm at the end of Park and 
Thursday 12
Went for a bike ride late in the day and sat down at the river with Hb.
Friday 13
Beatrice had an art opening downtown and I met her husband Wally along with his friend Paul an emergency room physician.  It was an early afternoon gig and we had a nice time.
Saturday 14
Mellow day at home.  Went over to Peter’s in the evening.
Sunday 15
Drive up to Camas via 213 and 205.  Drove through Silverton for the first time.  We had lunch at Natalie’s in Camas.  In the afternoon I took Jeff and Lisia’s dog for a walk. We had a nice shrimp scampi for dinner.  G and Aolani, along with Barbara and Jeff’s friend Terrick whose girlfriend is from BA.
Monday 16
Breakfast in Camas up on the hill at the Lakeside Chalet.  Then back to their house for a couple of hours.  We had lunch in Silverton at the Thai restaurant and then drove home on River road through Salem.
Tuesday 17
Dentist at 3PM did not work out, and also for Hb.  Going back on June 30 to get teeth cleaned again.  Afterwards I went to TJ’s and then Hb and I went for a walk around the park.  We saw Patrick along the way and spoke to him and Izzy for awhile.
Wednesday 18
Bike ride in the afternoon.
Thursday 19
Coho for dinner, it was our first burrito night.  Worked outside at dusk cutting back the blackberries in the jungle.
Friday 20
Went for a nice walk for the first time at Bald Hill Park.  I now like the clouds better than the sun in the middle of the day, in fact I love clouds.  Funny.  Afterwards we went to Winco to get some red potatoes for tomorrows potato salad followed by TJ’s. After dinner I took some chairs over to Peter’s and then we went out to a drumming circle east of town on Hwy 34.  It was here that we ran into Suzanne who I had not seen since when she was a housemate of mine on Santander.
Saturday 21
Wood moving party at Peter’s, followed by a nice BBQ.  Suzanne showed up and surprised Pedro.  Afterwards we went over to check out Peter’s new house and then had dinner at our favorite Middle Eastern restaurant.
Sunday 22
Hb fixed the tub drain and we went into town to buy a trap at the hardware store.  We then went to the Coho business meeting for our formal introductions.  In the evening we went for a walk down to Luke’s farm and back.  The weather has been gorgeous.
Monday 23
Late in the day Hb and I went for a chilly walk around the block.  Rain was threatening and the weather was turning blustery for a summer evening.
Tuesday 24
Early morning walk around the park.
Wednesday 25
Hb went to Eugene and I went to the OSU library and worked on some spanish poetry.  Stopped by Luke’s farmer’s market on the way home.
Thursday 26
The USAA guy came by to do the inspection.  We went to the bank early in the morning to get Hb money for her trip and then we went to Coho in the evening.  Prior to that we talked to Patrick for awhile.  He went for a job interview today.  Then we went for a walk around the park and stopped at Coho for dinner. Long talk with Marek about the work scene.  Turns out that Michael and Adam never told him what was going on.  So it has been 16 days since they told us and Marek was left in the dark.  He is a good guy.  He is a smart developer and I look forward to possibly working with him in the future.
Friday 27
Stayed home all day, hb went to yoga.  Peter came over in the afternoon and hung out for awhile.  He brought us some track lighting that he pulled out of his rental house.  We hung out in the garage for awhile and watched the clouds go by.  It was kind of a cloudy, partly rainy gorgeous day in the northwest.  I made rice with seaweed and turmeric and raisins.  Kerstin made it for dinner for us last night, and we talked to her about it, and today I gave it a shot.  Hb thought I put too much seaweed in the rice.  I spoke to Mom and Dad in the evening and Hb and I went for a walk while we were talking.  
Saturday 28
Breakfast at Gathering Together Farm.  Then we walked around their farm.  From there we headed out to the U-Pick-Em strawberries.  Then we went to the Gay Pride event in Central Park.  From there we went to the Coop picnic and met Carol Cina.
Sunday 29
We drove down to Eugene in the morning.  Hb had a reading up in the hills of Eugene and I went for a walk and talked to Peter.  Afterwards we had lunch at the coop on 24th and Hilyard next to the Indian restaurant.  Then we drove home and went to the Coho pot luck for the scavenger hunt.  We then did the dishes with Andy and Jude.
Monday 30
Went to the dentist at 10:30AM.  Afterwards we picked up Hbs car and I went to TJs.  In the evening we went for a walk around the park.




2014


July


Tuesday 01
Looking forward to a nice continued life this summer.  Hb left on her long trip to California.  We talked to Patrick and Izzy just before she left.  Today is going to be 96 degrees, but tomorrow we have a cool off.  Went over to TJs and the Coop in the afternoon to get some food for the Potluck tomorrow night at my house with Suzanne and Pedro.  In the evening I went for a walk around the park block.  Also, I got my bilingual Poetry book today Roots and Wings so I will start reading that this evening.
Wednesday 02
Got my craig elasticsearch kibana code up and running just in time to talk to Michael about coming back to work at Spinnakr.  We are back on board theoretically for another 2 months.  I went over to the library to get a book on bilingual poetry book on Antonio Machado. Spoke to Dad in the afternoon.  Dinner at our house with Suzanne and Pedro.  It was great having the 3 of us get back together.
Thursday 03
Had a talk with Adam and Michael about steps moving forward.  Also spoke to John.  Hb is having fun in San Fran.  Walk early in the morning and then cut the grass.  Spoke to Justin to follow up with yesterdays talk.  Walked over to Coho for dinner but the meal was cancelled.  Bruce was eating a piece of April’s bread and recommended I eat some plums, which were delicious.  In the evening I did some research on Portland and ways to get to Martin’s house.
Friday 04
Pedro and I hung out today.  We went over to his house and sat under a tree and talked and then we had steak for dinner at our house.  Afterwards as the firecrackers rang out I went for a short walk around the block.
Saturday 05
Went to the Farmer’s Market to pick up a pie for dinner tomorrow evening at Martin’s house.  Took the bus over to Winco and walked home.  Its about 4.5 miles from there.
Sunday 06
Drove up to Portland.  First stop was at the Lavender Farm.  I bought some oil and sat there in my car under the tree and read my book.  Then I went to Whole Foods and had lunch, went for a short walk, and read MiddleMarch outside at the Whole Foods tables till 1:45PM.  Then drove into town and parked on Burnside and 23rd and walked to the end of 23rd.  Along the way I talked to some women who were having a sale and told me to go to the Oregon Country Fair, but to take the shuttle from Eugene.  Got to Martin’s house and went for a walk around his hood.  Then dinner with Motulewicz, Susanna, and Martin’s friend Dave.  Got home by 11PM.
Monday 07
First time ever swimming in Corvallis.  It was a hot day and our neighbor Sarah said she was going over to the river to splash around and that gave me the idea to finally break down and go swimming.  It was nice.  In the evening I did a bunch of watering.  We have lots of nice plants and keeping them alive in the hot summer months is pretty mission critical.
Tuesday 08
Went for a burst run in the evening along the river trail.  This is a good thing.  More watering in the back yard.  Watering the trees with the hose.
Wednesday 09
Argentina wins the semi-finals of the world cup in overtime penalty kicks.  I post my first FB posting since early 2012.  Went swimming for the second time since arriving in Corvallis, the first time was two days ago.
Thursday 10
Did the dishes at Coho in the evening with Jim.
Friday 11
Early morning run through the park, was back home at 7AM.
Saturday 12
Farmers market with Nancy.  Hb arrived home around 10AM.  Walk around the park in the evening, gave Nancy a tour of the hood.
Sunday 13
Tyee Winery in the afternoon.  Walked around their nut fields with Nancy.  It is an absolutely gorgeous spot.  In the evening we did another walk with her out to the park.
Monday 14
Drop off Hbs rental car, then TJs and the Coop for Nancy.  Hb takes Nancy to the airport in Eugene.  Michael and Adam inform us that we are not getting paid for this 2 week period.  In the evening we went for a walk and saw Tom and his wife, our new friends from Ireland and Africa.
Tuesday 15
Went to the DMV to get new license plates for the car.  Around 4PM Hb and I went swimming together in Corvallis for the first time.  We had fun and I went down the slide three times, now totally leaning back and getting up more speed.
Wednesday 16
Cut the grass in the evening, Hb went to her journey class for the first time.
Thursday 17
Leave for Kp at 11:45, arrive 12:45.  My first time meeting with Caroline King-Widdall, afterwards we had Thai food down the road on the corner of Commericial and Kuebler.  In the evening Peter’s parents came over to hang out with us after dinner.
Friday 18
I went for a nice walk in Eugene while Hb did her massage.  I got some bike grease and then went to the library and discovered why fiction books are not part of dewey decimal system.  Lunch at the Keystone Cafe.  It was great.  Then we walked over to our favorite bakery and then downtown.  I bought the book Pride and Prejudice.  Then we had ice cream from a store in Junction City that sells in Eugene.  Then we went to the Hemp Fest on the river.  Our drive home to Corvallis was as the sun was setting.  We talked to Mindy and Patrick who had just returned from a two week adventure to Kansas.
Saturday 19
Peter’s parents, Cat and Alex came over and borrowed our bikes.  We took Peter’s parents to the Farmer’s market.  There I met Holly and John under the trees.  Then we went to lunch at the Gathering Together Farm and to Peter’s house for dinner in the evening.  We had a BBQ with hamburgers and Cat and Alex played music after dinner.
Sunday 20
Cleaned out the garage in the morning.  Then went out to Steve and Lyn’s winery off Grange road headed out to Hwy 20.  Then dinner with Peter, Cat, Alex, Joe, and Nancy.  We brought refried beans and avocados.  We had burritos with rice for dinner.
Monday 21
Went for a walk in the evening with Tom and Gil-wan.  We met them on our walks in the park.  They are from England.
Tuesday 22
Shopping at TJ’s, Vitamin Cottage, and the Coop prior to Mom and Dad arrival.  Long bike ride through Avery Park, campus, and into downtown.  Mom and Dad arrive safely at their hotel around 8PM.
Wednesday 23
Peter came over for dinner with Mom and Dad.  Earlier in the day we had lunch at Nearly Normal and walked around town a bit afterwards to orient them around here.  In the morning I went over their hotel.  Hb dropped me off and then she went to Yoga.  Dad and Mom drove me back to our house and we picked up Hb and then went to lunch.
Thursday 24
Nice walk around the park midday.  A taste, just a taste of autumn was in the air today.  And I ate some blackberries on our walk.  For dinner we went to Shari’s on 9th street with Mom and Dad.  Mom and Dad were on their own today and went up to Target in Albany.
Friday 25
Newport for the day.  Absolutely picture perfect day at the coast.  Had lunch up the street from our original lunch place at the Irish Pub, which was very tasty as well.  Its a good place.  Mom and Dad were on their own for dinner.
Saturday 26
Farmer’s Market in the morning followed by lunch at Gathering Together Farm with Peter Day.  Afterwards Dad and I went over to the Park and Mother got her hair done.  In the evening, Mom and Dad came over for a pizza dinner and they did their laundry.
Sunday 27
Eugene all day.  Walk around downtown, then lunch at brewpub across the street from our favorite bakery.  Walk around the university then home.  In the evening, we had mothers big birthday blow out with left over pizza from last night, broccoli, and a salad with cukes.  For dessert, Hb made her killer chocolate avocado pie and we sang happy birthday to mother for her 80th birthday.  We included a card and Hb and I wrote a poem. 
Monday 28
Dinner at McGrath’s Fish House with Mom and Dad.  We had a great trip with them.  They are off to Seattle tomorrow morning.  Unfortunately, the cruise did not work out for them, but they were OK with that.  Hopefully, next year.
Tuesday 29
Mom and Dad arrived safe and sound at their Seattle hotel.  Great news and great trip on this end.  I went for a nice run in the morning.  I am now up to about 1 minute, slowly working my way through the back trail in the park.  In the evening Hb and I walked around the block and I bought $2 worth of plums, 2 bags on the corner of Crystal Lake and park.  They are juicy and tasty.
Wednesday 30
Got an email from Spencer Alger so I am up and running with communication to him.  Hb went to her group in the evening and I did some quick sprints on the bike on the Atwood loop.
Thursday 31
Went for my early morning run and picked blackberries for the first time across the street.  In the evening we went to Coho for a talk by a couple who was in Europe checking out different cohousing gigs.  They talked about them and the philosophy of living in community housing.  They were from here and live out in Philomath.  We had a nice greek dinner and I sat across from Jim.


August


Friday 01
Great time at the Benton County Fair.  We saw the Marshall Tucker Band.  It was our first time to the fair, and we had fun eating ice cream and seeing the goats.  We parked at the OSU parking lot on 30th and took the shuttle bus over.
Saturday 02
Hwy 34 early in the morning to Waldport.  Met Enrique Andrade who is opening a restaurant in Lincoln City just north of Moes at the corner of 101 and 51st street.  He gave us free tacos and told us about life in Oregon from a native Spanish speaker’s point of view.  We then parked at the information center at the base of the bridge and walked into the old part of town, watched them get crabs, and then walked home along the beach back to our car.  We had lunch in Newport at the Irish pub, I had my meatloaf again, and then we walked along the beach
Sunday 03
Ken and Peter over for dinner.  Earlier in the day I took my first hike in the Starker Forest at the end of Airport Road.  Also, had a nice talk with John Z about his trip to Yellowstone.
Monday 04
Nice talk with John Gutman.  Short walk in the evening.  Patrick, Mindy, Cooper and Izzy are back from the Jamboree at Sweet Home and they had a good journey and sold lots of donuts and pulled pork.
Tuesday 05
Early morning run.  Saw Jack and Mark in the park, and I threw the stick some to Jack.  Great potluck buffet on Crystal Lake just south of Coho.  It was our annual neighbors night out and it was one of the best neighborhood events I had ever been to.
Wednesday 06
Hb and I went to the OSU used furniture sale on campus and then went to TJ’s for some food shopping.  Afterwards we came home, had dinner and then talked to Bob and Mindy outside.  We then walked over to the park and sat along the river.
Thursday 07
Today was the first day I was able to run the entire length of the park.  Not sure when I started running earlier in the summer, but now for the first time I am up and running.  No pun intended.  Listened to three earnings calls today, namely ubnt, nly, and arco.  Hb went to Albany and bought some stuff at Costco.
Friday 08
Talk to Cooper about computers in our garage in the morning.  In the evening we headed over to Cheryl Good’s and Michael’ house for their annual 8/8 summer potluck.  We had a nice time.
Saturday 09
Went to Siletz for the day for the pow wow.  Back home by 3PM, got burgers at the coop and then came home.  Went over to the park in the evening to watch space neighbors.  They are a really good band.
Sunday 10
Pot luck out in Alpine at Steve and Beatrice Rose’s farm.  We did a meditation in her new chapel which is lovely.  We drove out there with Peter, Ken and Linda from Coho.  Hb got stung by a bee on the way home.
Monday 11
Went for my run in the morning.  I am running from the bottom of the stairs to the boat dock now.  Peter says the distance from the entrance to the woods to the boat dock is 1.07 miles, so it appears I am running about 1 mile.
Tuesday 12
Hb and I went for a bike ride in the afternoon downtown, thru OSU and stopped by the Hilton Garden Inn for a cookie.  Unfortunately there were no cookies.
Wednesday 13
Walk in the evening down to the park.
Thursday 14
Lunch at the Laughing Planet for the first time with Hb, stopped by the bank first.
Friday 15
Peter came over in the afternoon, and helped Hb pick up her new desk.  He hung out with us for awhile.  In the evening we met Mauro por la primera vez.
Saturday 16
We went to the Farmers Market in the morning.  Rand arrived mid day and we had lunch at the Gathering Together Farm.  Big Peter Day birthday party with Rand, Tessie, Sima and Steve Lawson.  We did a BBQ for the first time and sat outside under the stars for the first time.
Sunday 17
In the morning Rand and Tessie came over for breakfast, then we went for a walk along the big loop in the park.  Steve Lawson gave us a tour of the Linus Pauling Institute then we had leftovers for lunch.  Then we drove to Eugene and hung out with Tony and Jan Royalty who live on Van Buren.  They volunteer for the Oregon Country Fair and they took us through the whole gig.  We sat out in the their back yard and drank shots of tequila and ate guacamole.  Then we had dinner on the river, Hb and I went for a walk while they ate dinner.  The drive home from Eugene was just as dusk turned to la noche.
Monday 18
Rand and Tessie come over for breakfast and then we walked downtown and I bought my Ben Franklin book.  In the evening Hb and I went for a short walk around the block.
Tuesday 19
Hb and I went for a nice bike ride in the evening.  The light was perfect, cool, crisp, clear and I noticed a shift in the light towards autumn ala Peter Day insight.
Wednesday 20
Went to see Luke and got some food.  Walked into town and went to two furniture stores checking out some dressers, then rode the bus back home.
Thursday 21
Coho in the evening for a burrito dinner.  They are working on our street doing a repaving job.  After dinner we spoke with Kersten about a NVC class they are offering in the autumn.
Friday 22
Went to Beit Am on Friday night.
Saturday 23
Picked pairs at Peters, hung out with Ken at the Farmer’s Market.  Cider pressing at the Coho with Jude and Bruce and Jeremy.  Potluck at Mart and Peace’s.
Sunday 24
Breakfast at the Washburn Cafe in Springfield.  Then we drove up towards Belknap and hung out at the Paradise campground.  It was our first time at that campground and we watched some guys take off from the boat launch in their kayak.  We checked into our place and then we went and ate our dinner at Takodas and came back and did our hot tub.
Monday 25
Up early and Hb went for a soak and I went for a hike.  Then we did the trail from the trailhead past the Ranger station turnoff up to the road with the houses on it which is just west of Paradise campground.  Then we had lunch at our favorite and only restaurant.  We sat outside.  Hb had a burger with no bun and I had a turkey sandwich with cream cheese and marionberry jelly.  We then drove home, its 100 miles exactly door to door.
Tuesday 26
Walk in the evening around the block.  This time we walked past Lilly park.  On the way home we saw and talked to Steve Lawson.
Wednesday 27
Hb and I rode over to see Luke in the afternoon.  We then rode over to the park and sat down next to the shelter and watched everyone go into the water with their intertubes.  There is a small path that we discovered that allows one to go down to the river through the black berries.  We rode around the park home, and then in the evening Pedro took us over to his house to pick the final round of pears.
Thursday 28
Anya comes over for a nice lunch.  Hb goes to the movies with her and I go to Coho for a nice greek meal cooked by mischa.  Hb comes by the meal late and I saved a plate for her.  We go on a long walk for the first time over to the bridge that leads to Kiger Island.  It was our first time doing this walk, and we did it at dusk.
Friday 29
Run in morning, hb went to lunch with Peter at the Laughing Planet and then went over to look at the dressers at Gibbs.
Saturday 30
Estate sales in the morning where we met Julie who plays flute in the Corvallis Community Band and Dixie who is from Jacksonville, Or next to Medford.  Pig roast in the afternoon in Albany with Joe and Suzanne.  It was the first rainy day of the summer.  Later in the day we met Gary and Linda House who are from Albuquerque.  Pig was great.  We went for the first time up Bryant Road.  Beautiful.
Sunday 31
Peter picked us up at 9am and we went over to buy our wheelbarrow from Rod at 2050 23rd for $20.  In the evening we went to Coho for the sunday night pot luck.  We met Sabina and Peter came along with us.  In the afternoon I cleared out the new grass clippings only compost pile behind Steve’s.  The path in is now all dirt and cleared of all blackberries.


September


Monday 01
Work in the back yard in the morning then went out Tyee Winery Road and then out Starr Road.  Then we went down to Bellfountain Park and hung out in the park for awhile.  We saw the 85 foot long Doug fir tree.  In the evening we had a pot luck and Jason and Shannon’s house.  We met all of the neighbors as it was considered a block party.
Tuesday 02
Peter’s in the evening till 10PM for pear processing.  Walked over to his house with Mike and Kirsten who live at the end of the street across from Jason.  They have a home on the Mosquito Coast in Costa Rica.
Wednesday 03
Went to see Luke at 4PM.  He gave me his email address, then Hb and I went for a bike ride.  Then we went over to the Coop for our monthly shopping.  In the evening we went for a short ride around the block and talked to Patrick and Mindy.  Izzy was sick.
Thursday 04
Lots of cooking today.  Made some corn for our potluck tomorrow evening at Pedro’s with Suzanne.  Also made a big pot of squash.  Went for a run in the morning.  Michael got back from his vacation.  Had a nice talk with John, he was having problems with his dvd driver and his printer.  Also spoke to Dad as well.
Friday 05
Dinner with Suzanne and Joe at Pedro’s house.  I brought to Peter’s  ice cream and pear sauce along with a yummy calabaza dish, which has become my pot luck staple the past month.  Joe had some nice wine which I enjoyed.
Saturday 06
Decided to head out a day early.  Found a place to stay in Portland.  Lunch at our favorite Thai place near PSU on College and 6th.  We then walked around 23rd and Hb got ice cream at Salt and Straw.  It was my 2nd time to 23rd street and Hb’s first.  Went to our hotel and I walked around checking out a 5th grade football game.
Sunday 07
Up early, drove down the gorge to Hood River for a nice breakfast at Egg River.  Then drove around Hood River and walked around downtown.  The drive to Timberline Lodge was gorgeous, especially the valley outside Hood River.  The Lodge blew us away, it is very cool.  We got a tour right off the bat, which is always great.  Arrived at our hotel around 5PM and then hung out at the hot tub and pool till dusk.
Monday 08
Up early for a walk around our place.  Breakfast up the road at a cool old building.  Great hike on the Salmon river, started at the trailhead.  Learned that our “Senior Pass” works in the National Forest which is cool.  Nice ride through the rolling foothills of the Cascades to Silverton where we enjoyed a nice Thai dinner.  New owners were friendly, they just bought the place.  Home by 7PM on I5.
Tuesday 09
Pear processing at Pedro’s in the evening.  In the morning I went for a run.
Wednesday 10
Went to see Luke at the usual time, afterwards Hb and I went for a bike ride.  I learned today that Michael Berkowitz is engaged to be married. 
Thursday 11
Spoke to Elizabeth midday.  I think it was the first time I spoke to her this year.  Trader Joe’s late in the day followed by a nice long chat with Lionel and Maria.
Friday 12
Coho late in the day for a bond fire with the kids.
Saturday 13
Great day in Newport.  Lunch at the Stephies.  Prior to that we hung out in Toledo at the pottery studio followed by visiting with some folks from Silicon Valley who lived in and old building that was their home and an artist studio.  They were working on refinishing a big table.  After lunch we walked north to the end of the beach.  Then we saw our neighbor Jason and his kids.  We then had dinner for the first time at El Roca del Mar.  We had fajitas for two.  We started home at dusk and got home after dark.
Sunday 14
Run in the morning around 10AM.  Made a dish for the pot luck in Monroe this evening.  Party at Dave and Nancy’s house.  Dave showed me his huge back yard and all of his nice cars and motorcycles.  They had a cider pressing party.  In the evening we went to Greg and Linda’s house for the monthly organic potluck with Peter and Ken.
Monday 15
Rick is here all day installing Hb’s new water filter.  She leaves at 3PM to go cook at CoHo, Rick finishes working on the door and installing the shade.  Dinner at Coho for Jim’s birthday.
Tuesday 16
Pear processing at Peter’s at 7PM.  Hb dropped in on us on her bike.  Home by 10:30PM.
Wednesday 17
Run around 9am.  Nice day, no sun and cool and cloudy.  An early autumn day, but not officially.  Late in the day I spoke to Mother and John.
Thursday 18
Walk late in the day.  Spoke to Mindy and Patrick.
Friday 19
Bought Ulysses and Don Quixote today in Cottage Grove.  We went there after having lunch at the Thai on Oak.  In the morning I walked up to 17th, then left to Mill, then north and wandered back to the office.  Along the way I saw Adam and we had a nice chat.  Learned he is Canadian, speaks French, and Pedro told me he is Jewish.  From Cottage Grove we went to the Covered Bridge festival and then back to King Estate Winery and Fern Ridge reservoir park.  We got home just at dusk.
Saturday 20
Farmer’s Market, bought a gallon of honey.  Lunch with Peter at Gathering Together.  Bike ride late in the day.  Start reading Ulysses.  Spoke to Susie Sigman, she is coming to dinner tomorrow.
Sunday 21
Long talk with Tal Carmi at the Old World Deli hours autumn festival.  Walked over to the festival downtown then prepare for our dinner with Susie Sigman and Sam.  We had a nice BBQ and took them for a ride around downtown afterwards.
Monday 22
Nice run in the morning, had a chat with Nancy about trash foul up over the weekend at the ultimate tourney.  In the evening we went over to Diane and Kerry’s house for a campfire and shmores in celebration of the first day of autumn.  It was drizzling so we went inside and ate peanuts instead.  We had fun.
Tuesday 23
Long walk at the end of the day down to the river and out to the Williamette Landing.
Wednesday 24
Went by Luke’s to get some food at the Farmer’s Market.
Thursday 25
Pedro’s for our final round of pear processing.  Justin Gammon, the Tree Expert came by to give us an estimate of $350 - 12% coupon.  He told us about Cape Perpetua south of Yachats.
Friday 26
Bike ride out to 53rd.  It was an absolutely gorgeous autumn afternoon.  In the morning I went for a run and then stopped by Susan Hyne’s house to drop off $80.
Saturday 27
Day 1 at Fall Festival.  Lunch in Philomath at the Mexican restaurant.  We went back in the evening and listened to some live music with Go-go dancers.  It was quite a scene on Saturday night downtown Corvallis.  We had fun.
Sunday 28
Day 2 of the Fall festival.  Picked up a bunch of books at the library.  Parked on Tyler and 35th and walked into town.  Then I walked back and got the car and we went to the library to get a box of books.  We had lunch at the Sushi restaurant and went back to hang out at Fall Festival until it shut down at 5:30PM.  We came home and went for a bike ride.
Monday 29
Nice long talk with John Zeuli.  Hb talked to John earlier in the day.  Great autumn walk around the water treatment plant block starting at the corner of the park.  It was our first time doing that particular loop in our life.
Tuesday 30
Justin Gammon’s team from the Big Wood Tree Experts came by and trimmed our trees for $308, we got a 12% discount.  They did a fantastic job, use them next time for tree trimming.  In the evening we went to the bookstore to hear Kerry Augustyniak read from her book Crooked Paths and Abandoned Borders, she lives in Eugene.  We also heard Jared John Smith read from his book The Rabbit.  He was an excellent poet and reader.  She was a troubled woman who worked many years at U of O in Eugene.  Another nail in the coffin for me about the university system and my experience at Caltech which appeared to be clearly dysfunctional.


October


Wednesday 01
Went to see Luke at 4pm.  Filled out a survey about the Lincoln School Farmer’s Market.  First fire of the season at Pedro’s house this evening.  As always, Hb and I enjoyed our time we spent with Peter.
Thursday 02
Bus over to the Coop in the morning and walk around Avery Park and then back home.
Friday 03
Walk around Eugene in the afternoon, dinner at the French restaurant Marche at the 5th street mall, then Temple with Jim and Sam.
Saturday 04
Farmer’s Market, bought the beans from Paul Harcombe.  Then we swung by the coop for our monthly purchase.  I went for a bike ride around Kiger Island and Hb had Anya over for an afternoon chat.  Pedro came over for dinner and we had tacos, he brought dal and I made two zucchini dishes.
Sunday 05
Great day in Brownsville and Sweet Home.  Had a nice lunch at the Point overlooking the lake.  Then on to a logging road just before the turn off to the boat ramp on the lake.
Monday 06
Walk late in the day.
Tuesday 07
Rick came over to finish Hb’s water system.  Walk late in the day down to the river.
Wednesday 08
Saw the total lunar eclipse at 4AM.  Went running at around 11:15AM around the park.  Went to see Luke, then long bike ride.  Starting to work on finding a place in Ashland for the winter.
Thursday 09
Mindy and Izzy stop by in the morning to hang out for awhile.  Hb gave Mindy some clothes to wear.  Izzy and I went for a walk down the street.  Hb goes to help Anya pack and I go for a ride out on Kiger Island.
Friday 10
Late in the day walk to OSU then up 31st to Polk, then back down 19th to the bus at downtown.  Anya was over for the evening.  She is going to Taos tomorrow.
Saturday 11
Hb up at 4AM, leaves for Eugene at 4:30AM.  Farmer’s Market, then lunch with Peter at Koriander.
Sunday 12
Great potluck out at Katie’s house.  She lives on Henderson Road southwest of town.  It was our first time out there and she has been living there 40 years in a magical place.  We gave Ken and Linda a ride.  Earlier in the day we went to Home Depot to get our screen door up and running.
Monday 13
Drove back out to Katie Stokes house on Henderson Road to pick up my hat.  Talk at the Old World Deli by OSU professor Dee Denver on Science and Spirituality.  Long talk with Michael Berkowitz when I got home.  He is engaged to Jane.
Tuesday 14
Mellow day at home, Hb went to Salem for a blood draw at Kp and then hung out there for awhile shopping and having a nice breakfast.
Wednesday 15
Run in the morning.  Booked our place in Ashland, spoke to Liz on FaceTime, she was in front of my building at Caltech.  Went to see Luke.  Hb went to her group in the evening and I made corn bread and squash.
Thursday 16
Great evening at Earth Rising.  Drove down Bellfountain with Ken.  Met Craig and Greg and they told me the history of logging in Oregon.  The sauna was nice and Lee and Jackie did a great job.  We met Delbert, who works at the Farmer’s Market for Earth Rising.  Craig is the oldest member of the team, followed by Delbert and then Lee who arrived in 1984.  It is a very beautiful magical place.
Friday 17
Great day in Eugene.  Walked over to the La Patiseria and had a scone and bought two biscuits.  Then looped back via Broadway and sat and read my Rushdie book for awhile.  We headed over to the 5th street mall for lunch.  It was our first time eating there after our dinner at Marchie with Jim and Sam for Yom Kippur.  Hb bought some giraffes at the African shop and we had a nice chat with the owner Papa.  He had lived and owned a shop in SantaFe in the 90’s.  Lunch was at the Greek restaurant which was tasty.  We had dessert downstairs, I had a scone and Hb had mousse and ice cream.  The drive home was a lovely slightly rainy autumn day.
Saturday 18
Farmer’s Market in the morning, got some more winter squashes.  Walk in the afternoon followed by 2 movies for the film festival.  The “eternal return of antonis paraskevas” followed by at 6PM “Run Boy Run”.
Sunday 19
Great hike at the McDonald Forest.  Started at the top of the hill and walked south, where we hit the Ridge Trail and walked to the top of the hill and then west on the Alpha Trail.  We came across the landslide, crossed it, took some great pictures and then continued on to the road where the Ridge Trail comes back out and meets the road.  We then turned around and walked the other way on the Alpha trail for a bit.  Got back home and cooked some food for Peter’s house where we had burgers, dal, and my squash dish.  A good time was had by all, it was our last fire of the year outside in the BBQ.
Monday 20
Late in the afternoon I took the 6:10PM bus downtown, dropped off my library book and then walked up Tyler to 21st.  Across to campus and over to the Valley Library.  Its a 15 minute walk from the Valley library back to the bus station, where you can catch the 7:25PM bus.
Tuesday 21
Walk with Mindy and Izzy around the block a couple of times at noon.  Their solar was 12k minus 10k in tax credits.  in the afternoon caught the 4:50PM bus, walked out towards 53rd, got a cookie prior at Valley library.  caught the 7:25PM bus home.
Wednesday 22
It rained most of the day and in the evening we went to see the Aaron Swartz documentary at OSU.  Needless to say it was a very moving event.  The movie is available on YouTube.
Thursday 23
Run after my call with Justin, it was my first day running this week.  The weather cleared in the afternoon and it was beautiful.  I am now starting to run a bit more.  My run now has two parts.  The first part being the standard run, and the second part being the loop back home to the Michael Cheryl cutoff.
Friday 24
We went to the MagicBarrel event this evening.  It was excellent, and Hb enjoyed it very much.  She likes going out on Friday evening, and this was a special night for us.  The weather cleared at the end of the day and it was beautiful.
Saturday 25
Day 1 of the Philomath Studio tour.  Today we headed south towards Decker road and the studio on Hwy 20.  It was a great day, with a nice steady rain.  Our first stop was the museum in Philomath, it was our first time there.  Then we had a nice lunch at Gathering Together with Maureen and her husband Jeff.
Sunday 26
Day 2 of the Philomath studio tour.  Today we headed out Oak Creek and the homes out there.  Stopped by Dale’s house for the 2nd year, followed by the woman with the big house and the Mahogany floors.  We love this weekend.  Earlier in the day I made the plane reservations for Florida, thanks to Dad, and we had a nice dinner with Peter at our house. 
Monday 27
Hb cut the grass, put away the hoses, cleaned out the trunk of the car.  Lunch then went for a walk out to Williamette Landing.
Tuesday 28
Drumming circle in the evening sending healing energy to Dan led by Amy.  It was our first drumming circle that Hb and I played together and our first one in Corvallis and at Coho.
Wednesday 29
Run at 11:30AM followed by a hike with Hb and Sergio up to the top of the hill from 29th.  Hb and I went to lunch at the Rockita restaurant adjacent to Winco.
Thursday 30
Got our new screen door put on today.  Hb and I bought it at Costco a few weeks back and they did the installation today.
Friday 31
Our final day prior to departure to Ashland tomorrow.  Went for a nice walk run with Hb around noon in the park.  In the afternoon we packed up.  We had 5 trick or treaters for Halloween and I gave away 5 dollars.


November


Saturday 01
Left our house at 8:20AM.  Breakfast in Cottage Grove at our favorite place next to the book store.  Snack at the Canyonville Coop.  Arrive in Ashland around 3PM.  Walk downtown and went to the Coop for dinner.
Sunday 02
Breakfast at Morning Glory and walk around SOU.  Drive out Dead Indian Memorial Road to the Buck Prairie Snow Park and go for a hike.  Came back and I took a nap.  Coop for dinner followed by the Tea House and then the Tempest.
Monday 03
Drove to Jacksonville for the first time at noon.  We walked around for an hour and then had lunch in Medford at a nice Thai restaurant.  Afterwards we went to Macy’s and I bought some new shoes and Hb bought lingerie.  We then went to TJs and then we came home.  Hb went to the Coop and then we went for a walk.
Tuesday 04
Starting to learn our way around here.  Drove up to the top of the watershed and went for a hike from there.  Came back on Glenview which was very cool as it showed how everything is linked together and ties in our walk up Granite the night before.  Stopped by the coop for dinner.  Hb and I walked over to the library and then Hb went to see her friend Laura Kramer and I walked home.  GMO labeling failed and pot passed.
Wednesday 05
Walk Hb into town and talk to Dad on the phone.  Walk back home and work.  Walk back into town and meet Hb at the library.  Lunch at the Coop.  Back to the house and then a walk up to the top of the hill.  Learning our way around the hood up the hill from our house.  Talk to Mom on the phone outside our house after a return home from our walk.
Thursday 06
First mellow day since we arrived.  Walked into town before eating our beans and hamburger that Hb made to buy tickets for next Saturday nights concert at the temple.  Then we went for two short walks in the mist late in the day.  I spoke to Peter in the evening.
Friday 07
Hb did laundry in the morning and went out shopping midday.  Around 2PM we went to lunch at the COOP, and then I came home and did a walk up to Hitt Road.  It was my first time walking up Pine to Nutley to Hitt Road.  I walked down it a bit, it was dark, the fog was rolling in, and I turned around and came home.  I love Oregon !  I have truly found a new home from my home in NM.  We also love Ashland, the closeness to Corvallis, and a place to go the month of November.  Opening up enough energy for hanging out in the Williamette Valley December and January followed hopefully by another vacation in February.
Saturday 08
Up at 4:17AM.  Breakfast at Becki’s at 8:30AM.  Hiked to Garfield Peak after being the first ones at the Visitor Center at Crater Lake.  Drove back home via Fort Klamath and West Side Road that hugs the valley.  Caught Dead Indian Road back to Ashland off Hwy 140.
Sunday 09
Drive to Grants Pass through Applegate and Hwy 238.  We stopped off in Applegate at the Applegate Ranch.  The guy who built the place spoke to us about his inspiration for building the lodge.  Then on to Grants Pass for a yummy lunch at Ma Mosas.
We drove back on 99 and then cut over on the Old Stage Coach Rd back into Jacksonville.  In the evening we saw music down on A Street and 5th at the Push Gallery.  Frank is the owner and his daughter runs the gallery.  He moved to Ashland in 1971 and worked at Berkeley as an electronics technician.  The music was fabulous and inspirational.
Monday 10
Up at 5AM and right to work till 2PM.  Talk with John then long walk to along A street to SOU, then across campus to Ashland, and loop back down through the top of the park back into town.  Hb and I had dinner at the COOP and then tea at our favorite tea house.  We met Lauren who sat next to us and Liam our server.
Tuesday 11
Did the loop for the first time after buying my favorite brownie.  So I walked up Fork from the Shakespeare Festival Theatre, then all the way up Fork to where it merges with Glenview, then all the way around and walked back down Granite.
Wednesday 12
Nice talk with Scott today, I had not spoken to him since he got his PhD.  We had a nice long chat.  Hb and I had dinner at the COOP and then we walked up Gresham and down Iowa, crossed Main and back to downtown.  I met Erin for the first time, she is Russ’s wife.
Thursday 13
Great hike up Park St in the Oredson Todd Woods.  Dinner at the coop followed by a great talk at the bookstore on the Shakespeare actors and how they get by in their profession by two folks who wrote a book on the topic. 
Friday 14
Nice walk around the big park block.  Only this time at the top of Fork St where the steps are we dropped down and walked up the “hill” in the park, last time I came down from the top of the hill.  When you come out at the point where Ashland Loop and Glenview meet just a bit south of there you drop back down into the park right where those converters are there are steps.  You go down the steps and then make a left and that takes you down to the stream.  The walk back on the stream was lovely.  We got back home and Peter had just arrived at our door step.  We had a nice dinner with Peter, the usual, burgers, beans and squash.
Saturday 15
Great evening at the Temple here in Ashland.  Heard world music singers, very enjoyable.  Laura Kramer went with us and I met her for the first time.  Earlier in the day Peter came over for breakfast, we rode around Ashland and had lunch at the Thai restaurant.  Then Hb and I went for a walk on the Talent ditch to the end where there were private property signs.
Sunday 16
Nice breakfast at Morning Glory with Pedro.  Stopped by the Coop for water then on to Jacksonville  the back way.  Laura Cramer joined us for tea in the late afternoon, Peter, Hb, and I enjoyed the tea, hummus and conversation.
Monday 17
Great talk at Bloomsbury books on Islam and Mohammed.  Earlier in the day we did a hike up the Bandersnatch trail, then back home for one hour then dinner at the Coop.  Tonight was a brownie night. 
Tuesday 18
Long walk up Gresham, then Holly, and up Terrace to the Ashland Loop and then back down into the top of the park at the stream.  It was our second time doing this hike where you drop down the steps at the containers.  Nice dinner at home.
Wednesday 19
I learned last night from Liz that Rick Wilson got hit by a car at the corner of Wilson and Del Mar.  Today we went to Medford after going to a talk at the library on the Ashland Plaza from 100 years ago.  In Medford we had some Mexican food and went to the Vitamin Cottage and Trader Joe’s.  We went for a walk in the evening up Granite and back down through the sidewalk at Lithia Park.
Thursday 20
Went to hear a poetry reading on Dylan Thomas by Barry Kraft at Bloomsbury Books.  Earlier in the late afternoon I walked around town, visited with Hb and Ginny at the Tea House and went to the Coop to hear about Jedediah Smith State Park from a local who has been in Ashland 20 years.  He moved here from southern California.  Henry is the college student who we have passed numerous times outside the restaurant.  Tonight we spoke to him about his history major at SOU. 
Friday 21
Nice long talk with Iris as she drove to get Elizabeth for Thanksgiving.  Also, spoke to Jeff Mankoff, we had a nice chat.  Worked all day, dinner at the Coop, followed by a short walk around town.
Saturday 22
Went to the library to hear Molly Best Tinsley talk about the creative process of how to write a book.  Afterwards I went for a walk around the big block, up Gresham, across to Terrace and back down into the park.
Sunday 23
Breakfast at Morning Glory, then we headed out to Applegate Lake.  The lake was almost dry, no water.  Then we headed over to the Applegate Lodge and hung out with some Grateful Dead folks having Quiche for a lunch party.  Afterwards we went to the old folks choral singing and had tea and cookies afterwards at the lodge.  On our way home we stopped by downtown Talent to check it out.
Monday 24
In the late afternoon Hb came back home after a nice lunch with Laura and brought back a gluten free pumpkin pie from the Coop she purchased for $25.  I then went out for a walk up Wimer to the very top.  Made a left turn and headed back home eventually getting back to Strawberry which goes back down to Granite.  It is a nice loop, Ashland is beautiful.
Tuesday 25
Up at 5:30AM for our journey east.  Left at 7:11AM and hit the top of the crest going east on 66.  Beautiful forest at the top of the peak just east of Ashland.  Crossing the Klamath was magical and Keno was heaven.  Nice breakfast in Klamath Falls at A Leap of Taste. Gas, then on to Yreka via Montague where we went for a short walk.  In Yreka we had a nice Mexican lunch and talked to the owner who is from Mexico.  Afterward we walked up the hill on Miner Road and then back down the next street to the south.  Got home just at dark.  We walked into town and I went to the bank.  Then back home, then I walked up to the top of the hill.
Wednesday 26
Hiked up to the end of the Bandersnatch Trail and looped back down on the BTI Trail.  [Bike Trail Inter-connect]  Dinner at the COOP, hung out with Jimmy and a new person named Michael who was into autism research.
Thursday 27
Great Turkey dinner at Lark’s at 6PM.  Earlier in the day we went for a walk south of town and back up B Street.  I had a nice chat with M & D and also had a nice talk with Gabe.
Friday 28
Late in the morning we headed over to the armory for an arts and crafts fair.  I learned there that an armory is a place where military folks like people in the national guard used to go back in the old days.  Now its a venue in Ashland.  Later in the day we met Ginny at a restaurant downtown and then watched the Santa parade and Santa lit up the city.  Walked Ginny back to her car, and then went to the coop for a bowl of soup.
Saturday 29
Our last day in Ashland.  Went to a Poinsettia Festival at a local greenhouse on the other side of I5.  Had some nice food and cookies.  Then drove into Medford and checked out the whole town west of I5.  Then meandered out towards Jacksonville checking out more of the area.  Finally, hung out in Jacksonville for the rest of the afternoon.  Hb had a cookie at the coffee house, we spoke to M & D, and then walked a bit south of town through some hoods.  Back home, and Hb had dinner at the coop.  Came back home and I did the final loop up Wimer, south on Wrights Creek, then cut across Orchard and south on Westwood to Strawberry.  Came home and ate some dinner and packed. 
Sunday 30
Up at 5AM, worked for awhile.  Hb got up at 7AM, we packed up the car and were gone by 9:30AM.  Lunch in Cottage Grove at Buster’s for the first time.  I had a corned beef sandwich, yummy.  Got home by around 3PM.  We went over to the Coop at around 5PM to get our 10% discount.  Had a nice chat with Peter in the evening who also just returned from Thanksgiving holiday in Denver at his sister’s house with his parents.


December


Monday 01
Bank in the early afternoon to get money for our upcoming new dressers we ordered back on September 15, 2014.  Clean out the gutters of their leaves.  It was a very cold, damp day here in Corvallis, after a beautiful cold sunny day yesterday.
Tuesday 02
Clean out the garage in the early afternoon and yank out some more winter clothes.  Ride the bus to the coop and walk over to Avery Park and then back home.  Pedro and Ken came over for dinner and we did an ad for Ken for his yard work.
Wednesday 03
Lunch at Growlers on 5th for the first time.  Had an avocado sandwich and a cookie.  Swung by the OSU library and talked to the lady about my library card.  They were updating their system so there was an issue with checking out books.  There were just too many people at the library and on campus so I bailed and started walking north.  Ate the other half of my sandwich at the north Coop.  Caught the bus home on Kings and talked to Dave and Judy.  Dave had just had his tree cut down.
Thursday 04
We got our dressers today, Ken from Gibbs delivered them around 2PM.  They are very nice.  At the end of the day I went for a walk in the rain over to the park and around the south block.  I love that loop, I assume I will be doing it many times, in the dark and in the winter.  Hb put up the Christmas tree today and the lights, she is excited.
Friday 05
Fajitas for dinner at our favorite Mexican restaurant in Philomath.  Went to the Coop afterwards for cake and hung out with Ken for awhile in the cafe.  Earlier in the day we raked leaves and put them as compost in our beds.
Saturday 06
Start out the day at a garage sale off 29th and Walnut, then hike around the hills and trails of that neighborhood.  Then we went to OSU for the holiday fair and ate some food at different vendors for tasting.  Dinner at Pedro’s house and watched a movie on Tom Kenyon.
Sunday 07
South Town Artist Walk all day until we went over to the Fairgrounds for the Ten Rivers Food Web Event.  We talked to Harry and Paul and bought some more winter squash.  First thing in the morning we went to the Beanery for Hb coffee.
Monday 08
Walk in the afternoon starting at 15th and Western to 26th, across campus and back downtown to the DTC.  Hb made chicken soup for dinner.
Tuesday 09
Went to Blackledge after my call with Michael and bought a mattress for the guest bedroom.  We used Hb’s $500 gift certificate so the balance was only $167.  In the evening we went to the Corvallis Community Choir Holiday Snack Fest and hung out there with Dave and Judy.  Prior to that we went for a walk around the neighborhood.
Wednesday 10
Nice talk with Peter in the evening.  Prior to that we went for our first walk around the park.  We ran into Bob along the way and he walked with us part of the way.  It had rained all day and when we went out for our walk the weather broke, we got blue sky and a gorgeous sunset walk to the west.
Thursday 11
In the evening we watched the Steve Jobs movie.  Earlier in the day Hb cleaned the house and I helped a bit.  I did not go outside today as it was real windy.
Friday 12
At 9AM I took the bus over to Western and learned that you have to cross the railroad tracks first before walking over to Avery Park.  There was a train starting up and I crossed in front of him.  Walked through the park, down the Golf Course, and then home.  It was a gorgeous day.  In the afternoon Hb had Maureen over to watch the movie and I talked to John for about 1.5 hours.  In the evening we went for a walk down Crystal Lake and talked to Patrick and Mindy on our way over on our walk.  We talked about Patrick’s house out in Halfway.  A beautiful day was had by all.
Saturday 13
We spent the day in Newport and had lunch at our usual spot.  The guy who works there looks like Steve Balmer and I asked him if he knew him.  After lunch we found a great book store with some good classics just down the street from there on the way to the beach.  We then walked along the beach.  It was gorgeous but the storms from the previous days and rain had flattened the beach completely.  We left Newport just before 4PM and got home just before dark.  I was able to take the stuff out of the car and see.  In the morning we walked along the Yaquina River from Milepost 7 to past Milepost 8.  I walked to 8.13 on the ground green marker where a stream comes in.  Its across the bay from the big red house.  We parked at the parking lot just past the Oyster Farm on the right side and then walked back towards Toledo.  The Mile markers start at 0 in Newport and then work their way back climbing higher towards Toledo.  We will learn this road more and more over time. 
Sunday 14
Hang out with Phoenix, Naj, Laughing Star, Patrick, Mindy, Cooper, Izzy and Dan outside of the Old World Deli.  Then we headed over to Paul and Janet’s house for a Yoga party. Pedro drove, he is leaving in a couple days to visit his parents in Santa Fe.
Monday 15
Dentist at 9:30AM.  It was actually a pretty nice day, without much rain.  Hb went out in the evening to a Yoga retreat and I stayed at home.  Going to the dentist this morning kind of drained me.
Tuesday 16
Finley National Wildlife Refuge in the afternoon followed by a house concert at Coho starring Chris Chandler, John Elliot, and Amy Sue Berlin.
Wednesday 17
Lunch with Tal and Miriam at Koriander at 1PM, afterwards Hb and I went to the bank.  At dusk I went for a walk around the park, and Hb went to her drumming group.  In the park I saw LaughingStar and her partner JohnG.
Thursday 18
Party in the evening at BriteStars for her birthday.  Met Bruce Stephenson along with a cadre of other folks including Leon who worked at the Los Alamos Inn, BriteStars partner whose parents are from Mexico and Reba who lives on 33 acres just west of Eugene.  Earlier in the evening we hung out with Jeff and Maureen for the Corvallis Art Walk.
Friday 19
Hb and I went for a walk around the park.  Earlier we talked to Dad and Reenie Weiss about the family relationship thing.  She is related to Sam Levin’s sister via the Poster’s.  In the evening Steve Taylor had a party.  I stayed till the very end and spoke with Steve and his other friend.
Saturday 20
Never left the house.  We cleaned the house and knocked down the bed in the guest room and put it out in the garage.  Patrick was supposed to come by today to pick it up, but with the weather we will wait until drier days.
Sunday 21
Patrick and I take the bed over to his house while Hb and Izzy hang out and eat breakfast.  Grocery shopping the early afternoon, followed by a Chanukah banquet at Coho.  Hb and I did the dishes after dinner, then went for a walk down to the end of Alexander. 
Monday 22
We got our bed delivered at 10AM.  Hb went over to Jan’s for tea and I went for a walk over to Avery Park.  It is there that I ran into Nancy B and she and I went to 53rd and Country Club.  She rode her bike and I walked.  She went on and I took the Number 3 bus back downtown.
Tuesday 23
Cooper and I went over to Phoenix’s house in the morning and hung out and bought Cooper’s Christmas present.  Hb and I made corn bread and cranberries.  Then we went over to Kiger Island to go for a walk.
Wednesday 24
Lee Miller came over for lunch.  Afterwards we walked into the park and ran into Tal who walked with us.  We discussed the new law that just passed legalizing pot.  Afterwards Tal stopped by our house for a bit and talked.  It was his first time in our house.  In the evening we watched the movie with Mariel Hemingway about her family and history of suicide.
Thursday 25
Mellow day at home.  We went for a walk in the afternoon after putting in our turkey.  Turkey, stuffing and pumpkin pie was had by all.
Friday 26
Went to Eugene for the day.  First stop was Macys for Hb sheets, then Walmart for soap, then lunch on 5th street at the Keystone Cafe.  Afterwards we went over to our new favorite spot in Eugene which is the shops on 5th Street.  Jim Sigman turned us on to this place when we went to the French restaurant with him and Sam for Erev Yom Kippur.  Hb found a store called Mindys where she bought felt for her medicine bags.  Had a nice drive home at dusk.
Saturday 27
Walk in the morning on the loop from Peter’s parents house around the block to Brookhaven and back.  Its a great loop that circles the country club.  Spoke to Peter Day on the walk and Nick Skezas upon our return.  It has literally been years since Nick and I have spoken, but the cool thing about time is that the warp of life makes it seem like yesterday.
Sunday 28
Watched “Night Train to Lisbon”.  Earlier in the day we went up to Albany.  Originally the plan was to go out to lunch but after stopping into Novaks Hungarian Restaurant we passed and went to Target to buy some light weight white socks and walmart to buy some long underwear.  We then drove back to Corvallis and had lunch at our favorite Japanese restaurant. 
Monday 29
Spoke to Stu Cohn in the morning.  Also, Naj and Phoenix stopped by our house for the first time.  They are having a party tomorrow evening at the Odd Fellows Hall.  At dusk I went for a walk out to the end of Williamette Landing and swung around the circle.  My furthest destination was the “bridge” to Kiger Island.
Tuesday 30
Great party at the odd fellows hall.  Phoenix and Naj had a nice end of the year gathering.  A good time was had by all.
Wednesday 31
The final day of the year.  I had a long talk with Peter Day in the morning.  He had just returned home from a 10 day trip to Santa Fe.  Then a long talk with M & D, I sat in the car on a bright cold, sunny afternoon.  Hb and I went to see a movie called “Wild” about the PCT, Pacific Crest Trail, and a woman who did the whole trail by herself.