2015


January


Thursday 01
Mindy and Izzy stop by in the morning.  Working on figuring out what MacBook computer to buy for Hb.  Watched the Ducks blow out Florida State in the Rose Bowl at Peter’s house.  Earlier helped him move wood from his shed to the side of the house.
Friday 02
Great day in Eugene.  I started out the day walking over to our favorite bakery where I had a muffin.  Then I walked all the way up 8th to City Hall and back on 5th.  Stopping by the Train Station for the first time and then the Grower’s Market.  We then hiked around Amazon Park and up 28th street to the top of the hill, down Emerald past the golf course and then back to Sundance where we bought some rice and hot cereal.  For lunch we went to the Thai Food Court at the 5th Street Market and Hb went and bought more stuff for her medicine bags from Mindy.  We arrived home with just enough light to unpack the car.
Saturday 03
Bald Hill hike in the morning followed by grocery shopping.  In the evening we went over to Laughing Star’s for a full moon fire.
Ordered Hb’s new computer.
Sunday 04
Peter came over for breakfast and brought the bacon already cooked.  Hb made her famous pumpkin pancakes with whipped cream.  In the evening we were going to to to Richard Hervey’s retirement party, but we bailed as Hb wasn’t feeling 100% after last nights party of standing on the cold ground for 3 hours.
Monday 05
Did not talk to Bill Macready this year and thats OK.  I still have other folks to contact besides Bill, and in keeping with contacting old friends, lets focus on them for now.  I can always call Bill if it makes sense.  Steve Taylor brought by some books Hb lent him in the morning, and he had to remember how to be a Geology professor again.  Hb and I went for a walk around the park in the afternoon.  The water had drained down and the sand bar was back up.  At the end of our walk we saw Phoenix in his car, and we chatted with him for awhile about the previous event we attended at the Odd Fellows Hall.
Tuesday 06
Never left the house today, Hb had Lynn and Ros over to watch the movie by Tom Kenyon.
Wednesday 07
Hb’s new Apple computer arrived via UPS.  I went for a walk at dark and did the wl (loop) Williamette Landing.  Afterwards we set up Hbs new computer.
Thursday 08
Got my docker shoes via UPS.  Afterwards Hb and I went for a short walk around the block at the end of the day.
Friday 09
Busy day finishing up the week.
Saturday 10
Went for my walk mid afternoon past Renee’s house and down the hill.
Sunday 11
Kirtan music with Peter, Britestar, LaughingStar, and met Pablo who is from Eugene and knew the folks in Silver City who founded Aldo Leopold.
Monday 12
Mellow day.
Tuesday 13
OSU for a Hemp meeting in the afternoon with Peter.  Hb and I went back in the evening.  The group all started out at LaughingStar’s house at 12:30PM.  A good day was had by all.  Earlier in the morning I went for a walk.  The day was sunny, beautiful and warm.
Wednesday 14
Walk at the end of the day down to 3rd and past the Burrito Heaven then across the lake to Crystal Lake.
Thursday 15
Spoke to Michael and Adam at 1:30PM and got the bad news for the second time in 7 months.  The first time was June 10, 2014, and now again.  Went over to Peter’s directly afterward and helped him move wood over to his wood shed next to his house.  Hb got news from Kaiser for additional info on her mammogram. In the evening we attempted to go see the lady who wrote the book on the movie Wild speak at OSU but it was filled up.
Friday 16
Peter stopped by in the morning after dropping off his compost in our bin.  We then went food shopping and I bought 3 more pairs of shoes at Big5.  One more pair of the Colemans, and 2 pair of tennis shoes.
Saturday 17
Hb went to her all day workshop at Lynn’s house and I never left the house.  It rained all day.  Peter and I had a long talk on Skype.  Watched the movie Last Love with Michael Caine 2013.
Sunday 18
Wendy and Fred come to our house for lunch and watch the movie Tom Kenyon.  Earlier in the day I went for a walk, then Michael Jordan came over to our house.  He and Kirsten are going to Costa Rica in one week.
Monday 19
Long 90 minute talk with Justin to finalize my departure at Spinnakr.  Take the bus downtown and have lunch at Growlers.  Walk over to the COOP and then take the bus back to the DTC.  Hang out at the BookBin briefly and then took the bus home.
Tuesday 20
Long walk in the afternoon into the park and then right to the end with Hb
Wednesday 21
All day in Salem.  First stop was at KP.  Then into town for lunch and walk around.  Then at the end of the day we walked around the Minto Brown Island park on the river in Salem.  Had lunch at the Mexican restaurant Margarita which is just behind the parking lot from Wells Fargo downtown Salem.
Thursday 22
Hb went to a movie in the evening at the Darkside on the Yogi.  Earlier in the day we went for a short walk around the block and saw Boyd and Jan and Mike and Kerstin.
Friday 23
Had a nice day in Eugene.  I went to the library and checked out PQ stuff.  I also talked to the lady about the face that Microfiche lasts for 500 years.  We had a crappy lunch at a BBQ place on 13th between Pearl and High St.  Then over to the Coop for a snack and we bought some oatmeal.
Saturday 24
Breakfast at the Broken Yolk, then a walk in the McDonald Forest.  In the evening hb showed her movie at CoHo.  We had a nice dinner at Susan’s house prior with Mary Lee Burke.
Sunday 25
Peter came over for dinner and we watched the movie Barton Fink.  Earlier in the day I did my first Thai Chi with Dan and Ken.  In the afternoon we went for a walk around the block.
Monday 26
Talk with Mom at the end of the day as Hb and I went for a walk around the block.
Tuesday 27
Walk over to OSU in the afternoon and ride the bus home.  Jim was on the bus and we had a nice talk with him.  Yahoo announces spin off of its Alibaba assets.
Wednesday 28
Mellow day at home.  Worked on my resume with Peter’s help.
Thursday 29
Great hike up Cardwell Hill all the way to the parking lot in Wren where we went with Peter last summer.  Met some folks from Crestmont Farm who are doing preservation on the land out there.  Also, some of the land is owned by Oregon Small Woodlands Association along with the Greenbelt Land Trust.  After the hike we went to have a nice lunch at our favorite Mexican restaurant in Philomath.  Their lunch special goes to 3PM.  Came home and went for a walk with Mindy around the block then hung out at their house for awhile and talked to Patrick.
Friday 30
Day 2 of hiking in Fitton Green.  This time we drove to the end of the road and hiked north back to where we were yesterday.  When we got there we turned around and walked all the way south to the end of Fitton Green and then back to the car.  It was a gorgeous sunny day, stupendous !
Saturday 31
Cleaned the house in the morning.  In the afternoon I went for a walk down to the park and then Hb and I went over to Peter’s for dinner.  We had dal, hamburger, and a green dish that I made.  We had a great discussion after dinner highlighting the friendship between the 3 of us.


February


Sunday 01
It was raining early in the morning as we awoke.  By the time we left for Portland around noon the rain had subsided.  We got to Portland and went to the Vitamin Cottage, then to lunch at nice small Mexican restaurant called Mi Pueblo at 10543 SE Fuller Rd in Milwaukie.  We had fajitas.  After checking into the hotel we went for a short walk over to the Red Lion Inn where we watched the halftime of the Super Bowl.
Monday 02
Up at 3AM, caught the 4:30 shuttle to the airport.  Found out plane was going, then cancelled to Chicago due to a major blizzard that happened yesterday.  So I went to Denver, Columbus, and Tampa and then drove to M and D’s house.  It was a heck of a day, and the fact that my luggage was transferred to my other plane in 10 minutes was a miracle.
Tuesday 03
Returned the car with Dad, and then went to Costco.  Had a nice talk with Peter and then went for a walk to Koreshan State Park.
Wednesday 04
First day out at the pool and hot tub, met Dana from Wisconsin.  We discussed the passions of our professional endeavors but never discussed what we actually did.  Earlier I went for a jog and a walk.  Got all of the videos from when we were children up and running on Amazon and Google.  The key was figuring out that the VOB files is the meat of the problem and that the DVD package is no longer relevant.
Thursday 05
Annual GoDaddy renewal batch process, this year it cost $153, which is about how much I pay each year.  Mother and I went for a half hour walk around 4PM, then Dad and I went for a short bike ride, then I did a swim and hot tub.
Friday 06
Mom and Dad went to bridge in the morning.  In the afternoon Mom and I went up to Ft. Myers for her hearing aid appt, then into downtown for an art show and walk around for the first time.  We rode home on 75, and then went to the new River’s club for the first time.
Saturday 07
Walk in the morning around the Masters Loop.  Mom went to the beauty shop.  In the afternoon, Mom and I walked up to the River Club and Dad rode his bike over there.  Afterwards I went over to the pool and read my book by Willa Cather called My Antonia.  I have finished book one.
Sunday 08
Mom and Dad play golf in the morning.  I went for a walk around the Masters.  In the afternoon I went for a walk out to the small shopping center that has the liquor store and fedex office.
Monday 09
Mom and Dad went for Mother’s hearing appt, the same place I went on Friday with her.  Short walk late in the afternoon, it was cool, cloudy, and the ground was wet.
Tuesday 10
Went to the beach at 11AM.  It was windy, I came back on the 1PM boat.  The boat was about to pull away and I got there just in time.  In the evening Marsha came over for dinner.
Wednesday 11
Mom and Dad went to play 18 holes of golf.  In the afternoon I went for a very short walk and Dad and I grilled burgers outside at the BBQ.  It was a mellow day.
Thursday 12
The daily journal to me is precious, the ability to write down each day what I do is special to me.  Its not the looking back but the process of writing it down.  So today, I met Doug and his father on the back of their motorcycle as I was walking on the other side of the tracks.  It amazing the contrast between the two sides of the road.  Where are you most comfortable, an age old question in my life.  But here they were, and here I was and we came together for about one half hour and shared our interactions.  It might have been the highlight of my trip, and I learned today “todo bien gracias a dios” in preparation for a valentines note to my parents. Tambien fuimos a una tienda de camisa con mi mama.
Friday 13
Mom and Dad go for a doctor’s appt around noon. Real mellow day for me.  I went for a walk around the Master’s block and that was it.  Had a nice email communication with Sharon.
Saturday 14
Leticia arrives at 10AM to clean the house, I work on my taxes.  Go for a walk about an hour before Leticia leaves.  Lunch then another walk along the border of Koreshan State Park and talked to a guy who told me that there never used to be a fence between Pelican Sound and Koreshan.  Then they came along, that is the Koreshan people, and put a fence and a firebreak all the way along the border.  I thought it was the reverse but I was wrong.
Sunday 15
Golf tournament which was really interesting called the Ace Classic.  We took a shuttle from the Collier County Fairgrounds over to the club.  Afterwards we had lunch at Whole Foods, and then made a few stops before heading home.  I went for a long walk.  I walked around the Masters 7 or 8 times from the time we got home which was late afternoon until it was completely dark.  The sky was filled with stars and I went home and we had a small snack, as we had a big meal at Whole Foods.
Monday 16
Talked to Hb at 3:45AM in Portland.  She had just gotten up.  Mother and I went for a walk.  In the afternoon, Mom and Dad went to the World Affairs Council and I talked to Iris for about 90 minutes, we had a long talk.  We went to Costco to pick up some food and then went to the airport to pick up Hb.  Jason’s for a reuben dinner.  Got home about 10PM, went for a short walk over to the pool.
Tuesday 17
Hb and I went for a big walk from the Enterprise lot down Williams and around the whole complex.  We hung out at the pool for awhile and then walked back on the nature trail back home.  In the afternoon we barbequed the hamburgers and had a nice dinner.
Wednesday 18
Mother, Hb and I went up to Ft. Myers to mothers hearing aid appt.  Then we had a nice lunch at a Mexican restaurant in the old town Ft. Myers.  It was Hbs first time there.  Afterwards we went for a walk around the Master’s twice.  Once with the 3 of us, and once just with Hb.
Thursday 19
Dinner at the River Club.  In the afternoon M & D went to the movie.  It was a cold, sunny day in Florida so we stayed home.  It was my first day without going out for a walk.
Friday 20
Pick up car at 10AM.  Leave and take the back road to Ocala.  Hwy 17 at Punta Gorda all the way north to 98 to Lakeland.  Cross under I4 and take the back road 471 through the Richloam Wildlife Management Area.  Got on Hwy 301 to Hwy 44.  44 is our Hwy to Inverness and the Lakehouse.  However, we went north on I75 to Gainesville.
Saturday 21
Great day in St. Augustine with Bob and Carol.  Had a nice Cuban lunch at the Columbia.  Prior we walked around the Fort and the streets.  In the evening, we went for a walk and stopped by Trader Joes.
Sunday 22
Hang all day at Bob’s house.  Went for a nice short walk first from his house.  We had a nice late lunch at the Jones.  In the evening, Bob and I went for a walk around the BIG block, and then Bob and I stopped for a snack and Bob had two beers at the Texas Roadhouse.  Hb stayed home and watched the Oscars.
Monday 23
Breakfast at Jones in Gainesville.  Then onto Cathy’s house in Inverness.  We went into town for dinner and had chicken at the local bar.  Afterwards we went for a walk out to the lake.
Tuesday 24
Day 1 at Betty and Marvin’s.  They cooked us a nice lunch of rice, beans and sausage.  In the evening we went for a walk on the bike trail in Inverness that goes out to the highway and beyond.
Wednesday 25
Day 2 at Betty and Marvin’s.  We picked up burgers, salad and vegetables at Publix and cooked at their house.  Earlier in the day Marvin, Hb and I went for a nice short walk around the hood.
Thursday 26
Went to see the Manatees at Three Sister’s.  We took a short shuttle bus to the board walk.  Nice lunch of Thai food at a strip mall close by.  Then over to the Crystal River Archaeological State Park.  In the evening I went for a long walk around the hood and ran into a guy with a big dog at the end of the night.  Gave me insight into the fact that the majority of the people in the country are into the war machine in this country.
Friday 27
Drive back to Mom and Dad’s house.  Stopped at Whole Foods for lunch.  Dropped off the car at Enterprise.  I was happy to have that liability off my hands.
Saturday 28
We went swimming in the afternoon out at the pool.  In the morning we took a boat ride over to Lover’s Key with Mom and Dad.  We had very nice weather.


March


Sunday 01
Bike over to the Farmers Market and hang out at the river on the bench for about one hour and watched the river go by.  Then we went home, had some lunch, and rented a single kayak for the afternoon.  We paddled up to the bench we were at in the morning.  We had a nice dinner at the River club.  Hb had a big ol fat steak sandwich.
Monday 02
Our final day was lovely and mellow.  Early in the day we went for a ride around the block and discovered the gazebo at Island Sound which is on the back power line trail.  Signed into Southwest, then had a nice lunch.  We did a second ride over to West Bay and did our usual hang at the nice pool and then briefly by the river.  We BBQd some burgers and had our last supper.
Tuesday 03
Dad took us to the airport at 10:15AM.  We were in the air for 11 hours.  We sat next to Dale between DC and KC and had a great talk on the oil markets and spirituality.  We sat next to a 14 year old homeschooler who was totally into life.  I went to bed at 3:30AM Florida time.  The ride from the airport to home was thankfully uneventful. 
Wednesday 04
Start out with dealing with getting TMobile back up and running.  Peter came over for dinner and we had a nice talk.  Went for a 10 minute walk prior to Peter coming over to our house.
Thursday 05
Started working on taxes since I am back from Florida.  Hb started working on her taxes too.  We went for a walk out at the end of airport road.  We met a woman who owns 165 acres and bought the land 55 years ago.  She is 86, she moved out there when she was 31.
Friday 06
Finish Hb taxes in the mid afternoon and then eat a nice lunch.  Ken came over late in the day to review work with Hb and then he and I sat around and hung out till 9PM.  We ate some popcorn and had a good conversation.
Saturday 07
Breakfast at the Broken Yolk, then the Farmer’s Market to pick up our beans from Paul.  We ordered some honey from Ethan that we will pick up next week.  Peter stopped by the house to say hi.  In the evening we went to a drumming circle with Ken at Westminster House headed up by Michelle Lovrich.
Sunday 08
In the morning I went to my Tai Chi and Ken and I went out into the park to get some nettles.  In the afternoon we hung out at Jan’s house and made baskets.  Late in the afternoon, as I was stopping by the house to start cooking some beans I got a call from Peter Day that Joe had a heart attack at his home in Hawaii.  Nancy was not home and when she arrived he was gone.  Also, on this day coincidentally, Sally Levin died as well.  Hb and I went for a short walk in the evening. 
Monday 09
Spoke to Nick Secor briefly around noon.  Pedro and I talked while he was at the Portland airport getting ready to go to Hawaii.  Hb and I went for a walk around 5PM.  Earlier she hung out at Jan’s house and kept working on her basket she started yesterday.
Tuesday 10
Ken arrives at 9AM for work and I show him his son’s LinkedIn website.  Finish my taxes today.  Hb finished her taxes the other day.  We went shopping to buy a new Honda lawn mower, then stopped by the Oregon Liquor store to buy some tequila for our party next week.   Came home and went for a walk around the block.
Wednesday 11
Went and bought a new honda lawn mower.  Went out to lunch for Hb’s birthday at our favorite Mexican restaurant in Philomath.  Jan came over with a birthday cake for Hb and we chatted for awhile.  In the evening I went for a walk around the block.  The evening was cool and as I came home the skies cleared.  Patrick turned 50 today.
Thursday 12
Walk in the afternoon around the park.  Then dinner at the Sustainability Coalition on OSU campus at the Alumni Center.  We gave Susan Hyne and Colleen a ride home.  We sat with Lucy at our table, Zach’s mom.
Friday 13
Salem all day.  Walked around downtown and went to Macy’s.  I had a cookie at the corner lunch shop and then we walked around up on the hill near KP.  Lunch in Corvallis at Block 15.  Hb had a burger.
Saturday 14
Farmer’s Market on a rainy morning.  Bought some beef and links for the party next weekend.  At 3PM we went to the COOP to met Ethan Bennett from Honey Tree Apiaries to pick up our gallon of honey and buy some food at the COOP.
Sunday 15
Tai Chi with Dan, Ken, and Gloria.  Hb and I went for a nice walk in the afternoon and run into Kerry and Diane.  Long talk with Peter, he has already been in Hawaii one week.
Monday 16
We got 7 yards of dirt for $196 delivered this morning.  Its a nice sunny day here after two days of clouds and rain.  In the afternoon Hb and I went for a walk downtown and took the bus home.   In the evening we talked to Patrick and Mindy and Steve about the dirt we got today.
Tuesday 17
Ken and I moved about 4 - 5 out of 7 yards of dirt.  It was a nice day and I used Bob’s wheel barrow and Ken used ours.  In the evening we went to Murphy’s for the first time for St. Patrick’s Day with Kerry and Diane.
Wednesday 18
Spoke to Mom and Dad.  Start working on the garden in the front yard in the shape of a half moon.  Also, cleared some space in the wetlands to place the grass from our lawn.  Later on I will use this dirt for other stuff.  Hb went to her Journey class and I watched the movie “Even the Rain” about the Cochabamba Water Wars in Bolivia in 2000.
Thursday 19
More work on the front yard garden.  I got down a method to take the grass off the top layer and not have to move as much dirt to the wetland area.
Friday 20
We went to Safeway first to get Chipotles and Toilet Paper and then on to Trader Joe’s before lunch to get food for the party tomorrow.  Our last stop was the Coop from where I walked home.  In the late afternoon I talked to Peter in Hawaii.  He is there to be with his mom a few weeks after Joe died.  He will be home on March 30.
Saturday 21
Farmer’s Market in the morning, we met Julia Sunkler for the first time.  Also, Andrew grows the Kiwis and told us about the freeze last year.  I had a long talk with Scott Williams before our party at 4PM.  Boyd, Jan, Izzy, Mindy, Bob, Heidi, and Steve.  Patrick took Cooper to Portland for the airport so he wasn’t there.  During dinner I took Izzy for a walk.  Afterward we sat around the table and talked till dark.  Steve hung out for awhile and we rapped more about life.
Sunday 22
Tai Chi with Ken, Dan, Gail, and Valerie.  Chill out in the afternoon and take a nap, talk to John Z.  Ken stopped by and we went over to his house to get some seeds from him.  We hung out in his garage for about one hour rapping and talking about seeds.
Monday 23
Went for a walk in the rain along with a “Mix of Sun and Clouds”.  Got home, called Adam, my boss at Spinnakr, and applied for unemployment.  It rained the rest of the day, so I was happy I got my walk in.
Tuesday 24
Walk downtown via Avery Park and OSU campus.  Stopped at the Valley library then Hb had lunch at Nearly Normals.  We came out of the restaurant and it was raining.  We rode the bus all the way home today, on the bus we ran into Hezekiah, the trumpet player who was in the drumming circle.  It was my 2nd time riding the bus all the way home.  The first time is when it was dark and Jim was on the bus with us.
Wednesday 25
Spoke to Elizabeth today on Skype, she called me at 2:30PM and we talked for one hour.  Then I spoke to Mom and Dad as well.  In the evening Hb and I went for a walk around the block.  We ran into Joan and we gave her some tips on stretching.
Thursday 26
Left for Salem at 1PM, arrived 2PM.  Went to KP for my eye exam.  Afterwards we had dinner at a new Thai restaurant that Sherry had recommended to us called Sweet Home.  I talked to Stu Cohn for awhile prior sitting in the parking lot.  He called me on his drive down to St. Louis to visit Linda.  I had him on the speakerphone so Hb got to listen to his voice and get to know Stu better. 
Friday 27
All day in Eugene.  I walked from the office up Lawrence to 24th and went to the used book store on Williamette and got a great book by Will Durant.  Hb met me at the Sundance.  I was in the middle of a long talk with Daniel about Buddhism and living in Thailand and their culture.  He is from Oregon but was traveling back home to San Diego.  We had lunch at the Coop and then walked around the neighborhood around Spencer Butte Middle School.  We got home around 6pm.
Saturday 28
Shopping in the morning at TJ’s, Vitamin Cottage, and the coop, along with buying regular gas at Town Pump.  We ran into Jeff and Maureen at the coop.  Amzn has a new offer for unlimited photos for $12 per year, and so I uploaded all of our pictures to amzn.  Worked outside in the afternoon in the wetland and working on the soil in the front yard.
Sunday 29
I went to Tai Chi in the morning and then Hb and I worked outside.  Chris was at Tai Chi today, afterwards I talked to Amy for awhile.  She showed me the work she was doing in the meadow.  I found a book on Barack at the little library.  Hb made a nice chicken dinner with potatoes which I love.  It was a gorgeous summer day at the end of March and in the evening I sat outside and read my poetry book.
Monday 30
Met Cheryl, her 3 month old son Sam born on Dec 27, and her dog Miles who is a Golden Doodle.  It was a beautiful warm spring day in Corvallis.  On our walk home we talked to Mike who had just gotten home from Costa Rica and Wil, Kathy Miller’s boy friend who had come home from Nogales, Mx and he went out to visit Ajo. 
Tuesday 31
Went to the Odd Fellows in the evening.  Ken was there, along with Phoenix, Gloria and her partner Diana.  We had a nice time. Earlier in the afternoon we went for a walk around the block.


April


Wednesday 01
In the afternoon I worked for the first time on the border land between Sarah and Jay’s house and our house.  Up to this time I have been focused on the half circle next to the driveway.  The dirt pile is starting to go down slowly.  In the evening Pedro came over for dinner and Patrick and Izzy stopped by for a glass of wine.  Pedro got back yesterday from a 3 week voyage to Hawaii to spend time with his Mom post Joe.
Thursday 02
Hb went out to lunch with Maureen at the Gathering Together.  She and I went for a walk when she came home.  Afterwards Gloria stopped by our house as we saw her driving home in the hood.  We talked to her for awhile.  In the evening I was tired, but worked for awhile prior to bed.
Friday 03
Hb went to Eugene today.  In the evening we went to a poetry reading at the library and then we went to Del Alma where Hb took herself out to dinner.  She had a glass of Malbec, 2 tapas, and a flourless torte chocolate cake for dessert.
Saturday 04
Went up to Nichols Garden Nursery in Albany and bought a bunch of cover crops for the front yard, then we went on to Costco and I bought a new pair of glasses.  From there we had an early dinner at a Mexican restaurant across from Fred Meyer on Hwy 20 just west of Waverly.  Then onto the library for our second night of poetry.  We spent a bit of time with Cecilia and go to practice our spanish.  Long talk with Pedro at sunset.  Stefan sent me an email announcing he was getting married.
Sunday 05
Tai Chi in the morning.  Ken, Hb and I went down to Lee’s for a sweat with Jackie and Craig.  The weather cooperated and it never really rained.  Here is a link to the post about our time there this evening.
Monday 06
I planted the first round of the front yard with winter rye, crimson clover and austrian field peas. so I will reference two beds in the front yard.  they will be referred to as the far east bed and the far west bed.  far east bed in furrow 1 and 2 starting from the east I planted winter rye. far east bed in furrow 3 and 4 starting from the east I planted crimson clover far west bed I planted two rows of austrian field peas.  towards the end of my planting it started to rain.
Tuesday 07
Today I figured out that if you get off the bus on Western and 15th, you can then get right back on the bus and ride it all the way out to 53rd.  This is very cool, and also I figured out for sure how to get off the bus out there and then get back on the bus on the half hour.  Corvallis has really figured out their bus system, and I am just learning more about it which is way cool, eventually I will know all of the buses like the back of my hand, but for now I am moving slowly in this area.  Any way, so I walked from 53rd and Country Club all the way out Country club and stopped by the Starker Forest office where I picked up an ownership map for $10.  Then I walked back to 49th and took the bus back to 26th and then walked home from there.  In the afternoon I did the circle in the middle of the front lawn after having planted the cover crops yesterday in the two edge gardens of the front lawn.  Also, Hb and I talked to Patrick and Mindy for awhile, got flowers from Jan and then went for a short walk around the block.  Hb went over to Michael and Kerstin’s house, and picked up some plants and a late birthday present from Michael.  In the early evening I spoke to Rand.  He responded to my email I sent out yesterday motivated by Mahesh’s birthday on the April 5 Easter Seder sweat potluck at Lee’s house.  See emails from April 6 for a pointer to my note on hanging out at the Earth Rising Farm.
Wednesday 08
Drove up to Salem to take Hb to the eye doctor.  Stopped by TJ’s, gas and coop on the way home.  In the evening we went to a talk at the library with Pedro on the Mill Race and the Mary’s River.
Thursday 09
Toyota dealership to get my oil changed and performed complete automatic transmission fluid exchange.  In the evening we went to a talk at the library which was not good on the Oregon environmental movement that was not good due to the flickering of the slides behind the guy sitting down starting at the audience completely asleep on what was going on.  So we left and went for a nice walk back to our car.
Friday 10
Hb and I went for a walk around the park and then I had a nice chat with mother.  In the evening we worked on our work for next week’s trip to see Lauri. 
Saturday 11
Farmer’s Market in the morning followed by lunch with Pedro at Gathering Together.  Completed digging out the circle in the front yard and using the shovel poles to measure the diameter.
Sunday 12
Tai Chi followed by great hike in Lebanon up the Santiam River.  We had a nice lunch at the Mexican restaurant on Main St.  Went by Costco to pick up my glasses.  In the evening I dug out the back yard garden along the east fence in the south corner.
Monday 13
Never left the house, as it rained late in the day.
Tuesday 14
Went to the movies to see Woman in Gold, and also afterwards saw Cinderella.  In the evening we went for a walk around the Park Street block.
Wednesday 15
Went over to Pedro’s in the evening while Hb was at her journeying monthly meeting.  She stopped by at the end of the evening after her gig and we drove home together.
Thursday 16
In the late afternoon I finished up the back yard garden and moved on to the final front yard garden circle to the west of the current circle.
Friday 17
Great day in the Cascades at Hidden Lake Retreat Facilitated by Lauri Shainsky, Shamanic Sound Healer, Naturalist/Forest Ecologist.  Left here at about 8:45AM.  Lunch in Estacada at the Mason Jar, people in the restaurant were cool, and we talked about the area.  Then we did the journey with Lauri.  Afterwards we went for a hike above Eagle Creek and then drove into Estacada and checked out a place to stay.  Then we had dinner at our Thai restaurant in Silverton.  Got home just before dark.  This time of year has so much light
Saturday 18
Farmer’s Market in the morning, it was the first one and it was glorious.  Saw Gloria, Ken, and learned that Delbert’s son who is building the greenhouse sat across from us as Hb bought her Pad Thai.  Hb lost her black hat twice.  The 2nd time it was in the middle of the road as we were driving back from looking for it in our normal parking spot.
Sunday 19
Great hike out in the Starker Forest.  Parked at our usual spot at the end of Airport Road and walked to the right the whole way.  We found the new road out there, hopefully next time we will get there from it.  Dinner with Peter at the Middle Eastern Place then a fire with Diane at his house till dark.  It was our first fire of the year.
Monday 20
Cut the grass over at Jan and Boyd’s and then cut our own grass and did more work on the west crop circle in the front yard.  Had a long talk with Pedro about my talk with his dad and believing regarding our conversation last evening about his mom not believing.
Tuesday 21
Never left the house.  Britestar / Gloria and her partner Dee-anna came over for dinner.  It was Diana’s first time in our home.  We made polenta and greens from Jan and Boyd’s garden.
Wednesday 22
Hb and I went over to Wilco to look for garden implements and then she dropped me off at Fresh Market and I walked over to Winco and bought some granola and then walked downtown and took the bus to Alexander.  On the way home I stopped and talked with Patrick and Izzy.
Thursday 23
TraderJoes and Vitamin Cottage early afternoon.  In the evening we walked over to Burrito Heaven and up Lilly loop.
Friday 24
Drove down to Eugene and I walked over to the Coop.  It rained for a bit, and I stopped by the grocery store along the way.  I got Crime and Punishment at the Little Book store on the street.  Hb met me at the Coop at 1:30PM.  We had a nice lunch at the coop and then Hb and I drove back home via the west back roads through Veneta.  We stopped by 
Lavelle Vineyards on the way home.  Got home around 6PM.  Another great day in Eugene.
Saturday 25
Farmer’s Market in the morning.  In the afternoon Peter came over and I spent more time on the west crop circle.
Sunday 26
Tai chi in the morning followed by a drive with Ken out to the Thyme Garden.  It rained all day, but we had fun any way.  It was our first time out there.  We hiked around the property and I had a cookie.  At the end, Hb, Ken and I checked out the herb garden.  Afterwards we went to the Coop and had hamburgers for dinner.
Monday 27
Short walk over to the park mid afternoon between calls to Solinea and Evolute.  In the evening I finished up the dirt pile and moved it into the west crop circle and proudly moved the car back into the driveway.  I got started on moving the dirt the day after it arrived on Tuesday March 17.  So it took exactly 6 weeks from the day the dirt arrived until moving the car back into the driveway.
Tuesday 28
Never left the house today, had a great talk with Jim Sigman.
Wednesday 29
OSU for the opening of the Asia center.  Saw Rick and Cecilia there.  She told me that she moved into Coho and Sergio and Sole moved into her house.  Got home about 6:30PM, the day was wonderful.  I also spoke to the president of OSU.
Thursday 30
Hb and I went and got some food in Jan and Boyd’s garden.  They are coming home today.  Went shopping at TJ’s and the Coop.  Peter stopped by, and he and Hb went out shopping and to lunch.  After their return we hung out for a good part of the afternoon in the garage, our hangout spot.  In the evening Hb and I did a walk down to the park.  We saw Mark and Jack along the way.


May


Friday 01
Marcy and Anne arrived late in the afternoon.
Saturday 02
Went to the Farmer’s Market and Gathering Together for lunch.  Peter came over for dinner.  I went for a walk in the evening, while others were jabbering away.
Sunday 03
Tai Chi with Ken and Dan, hb went to the beach with Marcy and Anne.  I went for a bike ride over to central park for the annual plant sale.  I met the folks who own Thyme Garden.  Hb, Marcy, and I went for a nice bike ride in the evening before dinner.
Monday 04
Talked to Mom, they are not coming out to OR this summer.  Marcy and I went for a ride out past 53rd and did the whole bald hill loop.  Peter came over for dinner and we did a BBQ with Marcy and Anne.
Tuesday 05
In the afternoon we went over to the Farmer’s Market and bought 2 tomato plants from Cheryl Good.  Earlier in the day Hb went to lunch with Marcy and Anne.  Anne made a nice chicken dinner with a olive oil marinade and Marcy did the dishes.
Wednesday 06
Marcy and Anne leave our home in the morning on their way to Sacramento and then home from there.  In the evening Ken and Peter came over for a Pizza dinner.  Neither of them had pizza, but we had a fun evening and they stayed till dark, which this time of year is around 9:30PM.
Thursday 07
Nick Skezas came by our house from Portland for lunch.  Afterwards we went for a walk around the park.  We came up chilled out for awhile, Nick took a nap, and then we went to dinner around 7PM at Del Alma.  We left the restaurant at 10PM and Nick drove back home to Portland.
Friday 08
Great ride at the end of the day over to 49th and then loop back.  Earlier we went to TJ’s to go shopping.  I planted the tomato plants we bought from Cheryl Good at the Tuesday Farmer’s Market along with the bunching onions Ken brought over Wednesday night.
Saturday 09
Farmer’s Market in the morning.  Hang out with Peter on the benches where he likes to sit.  In the afternoon I planted my leeks.  Dinner at Jan and Boyd’s with Bob and Heidi.  We brought the Malbec and Jan served Spaghetti, Salad and Chocolate cake for dessert. 
Sunday 10
Tai Chi in the morning, this was the first class that Ken was NOT there.  It was only Gail and I.  Dan called us his best students at the end of the class.  Then we drove down to Day Owen’s and Neilas house 3 miles west of Triangle Lake just before mile marker 23 with a sign on the left side of the road which says Monastery and Organic Farm.  We met Michael there at the end of the journey and talked to him for about one hour.  His brother drowned in Hawaii which is where he was living.  Afterwards we drove west to Deadwood and stopped in a bar to find out how to drive to Alsea.  We started driving north on Indian Creek Road and from there we followed the map.  We ended up on the paved road Five Rivers Road and followed that into Hwy 34.  We were 20 miles east of Waldport and 20 miles west of Alsea exactly.  From there we drove home.
Monday 11
Never left the house.  Ordered 7 hats from Silver City.  Spoke to Peter Day in the evening about the name of the tree trimming guy.
Tuesday 12
Interview with Michael Basnight at Elastic.  Walk in the evening.  It had rained all day, but the weather broke at dusk and we went for a nice walk.
Wednesday 13
Went to pick up some gas for the lawn mower in the early afternoon and stopped by Winco to get some bulk items including my favorite peanuts and raisins.  In the evening we went to hear a talk by Marie Friend.  Her talk at Grassroots Books was lovely and delved into the kinds of topics that Hb and I love.
Thursday 14
Hb went to lunch with Cherie in Albany.  Peter came over to see Hb and I went over to OSU to go for a walk.  I walked up Witham Hill and down the bike trail where Circle Drive ends for the first time.
Friday 15
Took Peter to the airport at 4:15AM, got up at 3:20AM.  In the afternoon we went to the Salmon Bake at the Long House at the university.  We sat with Cecilia and ate a nice meal.  Then we went downtown and returned some wine glasses, got a smoothie and stopped by the Coop on the way home.  In the late afternoon we talked to Rand and Sima.
Saturday 16
Hb leaves at 6:30AM for her workshop just north of Estacada with Lauri Shainsky.  After lunch I talked to Tom and Ines.  In the late afternoon I cut the grass in the front of the house, did some weeding, and general cleanup around the yard.  I spoke to Sharon in the evening.  It had been awhile since I spoke to her last.
Sunday 17
Sharon is coming on September 17, which is 4 months from today.  Tai Chi in the morning with Ken.  Saw Tal and Miriam on the way home.  Rode my bike out to the entrance to the McDonald Forest at the end of Oak Creek for the first time.  Hb got home from her journey around 6:45PM and we had a nice dinner together of greens, beans, and quinoa.
Monday 18
Walk at the end of the day around the block.
Tuesday 19
Went to our local farmer’s market at the end of the day and met Kevin, Teri, and Amy who lives at Katie Stokes house. Ken delivered us some plants early in the morning.
Wednesday 20
In the evening I planted the vegetable starts that Ken brought over yesterday.  Patrick, Izzy and I went for a short walk around the block.  Hb was the leader for the first time of her journey group at Lynn’s house after a marvelous weekend at Lauri’s.
Thursday 21
More planting today, along with Heidi’s Irises.  In the evening we went for a walk past Renee’s place for the first time in along time and then ran into her in the park, along with Kathy Miller and Ruy Andre Hemka (TellingStar) and Renee.  We had a nice talk about Russian Literature, Les Miserables with Hugo.  It was nice to see Renee as well.
Friday 22
Eugene all day.  I walked around the hood that Peter is thinking of buying a house in namely the Riveroad hood between northwest Hwy and River Road.
Saturday 23
Farmers Market in the morning.  Psychic Faire at the Elks Club.  Lunch with Frank and Nanci at the Gathering Together.  Walk afterwards up Evergreen Road.  That is a nice place to walk as well.
Sunday 24
Dan didn’t show up for class today so it was just Ken and I, and we had a nice class.  We cleaned out the whole garage, then I talked to Roy Cox and bought some plants from our neighbors Ken and Karen.
Monday 25
We went out Kings Hwy to the Beazell Forest for the first time.  It is the largest park in the Benton County System.  Afterwards, we drove home east to Hwy 99, our first time on those roads and a fun drive.  In the evening we went for a walk in the park, Hb learned that Sue Thompson’s daughter passed away several days ago.
Tuesday 26
Went to our local neighborhood Farmer’s Market and bought some vegetables from Luke and talked to Michael.  He showed me his garlic.  On the way there we saw Renee and John and stopped for awhile and talked to them.
Wednesday 27
At 4PM we went to dinner at our favorite Mexican restaurant in Philomath and then afterwards went for a walk for the first time on Woods Creek Road from a nice parking spot on the side of the road before it turns to dirt all the way to the Starker Forest gate.
Thursday 28
Cut the side grass and front grass around 6PM along with cleaning out more of the black berries.
Friday 29
Hb went to work at the NWR and then we went to Kirtan in the evening at 7PM.
Saturday 30
Hung out with Ken and Cecilia at the Solidarity Fair.  Afterwards, we went for a walk at the end of Evergreen Road all the way over to Hwy 34 at Greasy Creek Rd, we didn’t make it to Hwy 34 but got to the subdivision.
Sunday 31
Tai chi with Ken and Gail.  Home during the day, walk in the early evening out to 3rd and back up Lilly.


June


Monday 01
Amy’s birthday party at Dan’s house.  She was born on this day in 1958.  Hb brought popcorn and a gift for Amy.  We had a very nice evening.  It was our first time at their house.
Tuesday 02
Hb went to salem to kp for a dermatology appt.  In the evening we went to the farmer’s market.  Cheryl Good gave us two tomato plants and one pumpkin.  We hung out with Luke whose birthday is in 1981 as well.
Wednesday 03
Hb went to Trader Joe’s in the afternoon.  At 6PM I went over to Coho for a meeting on the meal plan and sat in the center some.  Then afterwards I hung out with Dan and Jim and we wrapped about life.
Thursday 04
Hb went on a hike with Maureen back to Beazell Forest.  In the evening we went for a nice short walk.  I spoke to Dad and John today on Skype.
Friday 05
Fire circle at Renee’s in the evening.
Saturday 06
Eugene Farmer’s Market, pick Peter up at Airport, Lunch at Block 15, in the evening we went to Market of Choice.
Sunday 07
Great day with Bob Egerman.  He arrived at our home at 10:30AM and spent the whole day with us.  We shared a nice meal at our house and went for a big walk around the park.  He left to drive back to the portland airport for a 10:30 PM red eye flight back to Atlanta, arriving at 6AM.  In the evening we watched a good movie about Hector being Happy and traveling all over the world to realize his happiness is within himself and his girlfriend of ten years whom he marries at the end of the movie.
Monday 08
Walk late in the day after it cools off.  It was 97 degrees today here in Corvallis.
Tuesday 09
Fun time at the Farmer’s Market.  Met Otmar for the first time and we talked about his Tesla.
Wednesday 10
Hb and Jan gave me a ride into town.  I went to the bank, went for a walk up 8th to LBCC, then back to the library.  Ran into Hb and Jan and briefly swung by the Farmer’s Market.  We went down to Eugene.  I walked all the way along the river on the East Trail and then back over the river and across to 4th.  Hb and I had dinner at Sundance and met some nice folks Anna and Amar, their baby from Deadwood.  Home by 6PM.
Thursday 11
Long bike ride in the evening out to the 49th loop.  This is our second time doing this loop and it is a nice one.
Friday 12
Hb got fired from her job out at the Finley NWR because she smelled like patchouli.  In the afternoon we went to Albany’s Bryant Park and hung out for awhile reading our books and walking around the park.  Then we stopped by Costco for floss and charcoal.
Saturday 13
Breakfast at Gathering Together Farm, then on to the Farmer’s Market.  I had a nice talk in Spanish with Rain and her two younger brothers and her Mom Ginelle.  Peter came over in the afternoon and stayed for dinner.
Sunday 14
Tai Chi at Coho, and Dan left early to help weed the meadow.  Chris and I walked home.  Hb and I went for a walk in the park in the afternoon and sat down by the river in a nice new spot we found under a tree close to where we hung out with Bob Egerman last weekend.  In the evening we went to the Community Garden across from Coho for a potluck.  It was our first time hanging out at Christine and Patricia’s place
Monday 15
Dentist at 9:30AM.  Got there before 9AM and went for a nice short walk and got my head together.  Tamara did a great job, see email I sent out today for the next appt.  But mellow out on the whole dentist issue the next round.  Talked to Mother in the early afternoon.
Tuesday 16
We left Corvallis at around 8AM.  We stopped at KP in Salem and then kept going to Portland.  We drove into town via Martin’s hood.  We stopped nearby his house and went for a walk in his hood.  Then we had lunch on 23rd at a deli.  I had a chopped liver and egg salad sandwich.  After lunch we went for a walk in the Hoyt Arboretum.  Afterwards we parked back near 23rd and walked over to Whole Foods for a nice salad for dinner.  We took the 84 home and got off at 82nd.  The sun had not quite set and I went for a short walk.  We listened to Jean Huston and went to sleep.
Wednesday 17
Hb left at 8:30AM.  I walked her down to the shuttle.  I hung out in the room till about 11AM reading and learning more about Portland.  Then I drove across Killingsworth and had lunch on 42nd at a great Mexican restaurant.  After lunch I walked around the Alberta street hood and had some ice cream at Salt and Straw.  I had a double scoop.  Then I went for a walk for about an hour.  Then I drove south on Cesar Chavez and kept going south on Milwaukee all the way to 205.  This was a long drive, and clearly the long way.  Next time it makes more sense to cut across to I5 and then head south.  I was home by 5:30PM.  In the evening I went for a walk and talked to Dave of Dave and Judy and he told me about ALL, Academy for Lifelong Learning.
Thursday 18
Never left the house except for short walks outside.
Friday 19
During the day Peter came over in the late morning and we hung out for awhile.  Ken came over in the afternoon to chat a bit, and then we went to Imagine coffee in the evening for Michele Lovrich’s drumming gig.  We had fun and Gail was there from Tai Chi and I met her son Michael.
Saturday 20
Met Susie y Juan along with Dee Curwen at the Multicultural Literacy Center.  OSU rents them the building for $1 per month, and they have a five year lease, and have been in the building for 10 years.  Dee Curwen is one of the founders of CMLC.  Earlier I was at the Farmer’s market along with dropping off a book at the library.  At the Goodfoote Farm party I met Mark Curtis and Eric Dickey and we had some nice conversations.  We left the party at about 9:15PM, and got home before dark.
Sunday 21
Mellow day at home.  In the early evening I went outside and watered and planted the Tomatillos that Steve gave us a few weeks back, along with some ornamentals we got from Heidi and Jan.
Monday 22
Peter and I went to Eugene.  We started off the day by driving around the neighborhood and then went to the park near Adam’s office.  Afterwards, we had a nice Vietnamese lunch on 11th across from Applebee’s.  Then we went to look at a house Peter was potentially interested in buying.  Had a nice drive home.
Tuesday 23
Ken and I went and picked cherries out on Airport road at a beautiful spot at the intersection of Fern Road.  First time talking to Max at 4:30PM, see the worklog for more details.  In the late afternoon I went to the Farmer’s Market and hung out with Naj and Phoenix.  Then I walked down and watched Jen Brown, our neighbor across the field play ultimate frisbee.  Watered upon return and had a nice chat with Mindy.
Wednesday 24
Boyd and I went to Findlay NWR and went for a hike on the Mill Hill Trail.  In the afternoon he brought me over an Ed Abbey book.
Thursday 25
Went to Trader Joe’s around lunch time to buy some groceries.  Bought some gas along the way.
Friday 26
Up early for my first run of the year.  Picked up some plants that were inside my neighbor’s compost bin.  Its the folks I bought my other plants from earlier in the season.  Got those plants in.  Its going to be over 100 degrees today.  Then went to the COOP to buy some stuff for the day. Peter came over for lunch and we hung out for awhile.  In the evening I went to Renee’s for a camas ritual and partied with Mike and Rainbow.
Saturday 27
Ken and I had a great day at the Inavale Farm.  We picked cherries before and after the event, and Ken took a nap while we were there.  Afterwards we went to Jude’s place for the first time.  I met her and we swam in her pond.  Oregon is a beautiful place to call home.  We had a great day and got home at 7PM.
Sunday 28
Tai Chi followed by a nice talk with Ken hanging out on Ryan.  Then did my call with Max and got the job at Vault12.  Glad I talked on Sunday at 11AM.  Then followed up with a long call to John Zeuli who was hanging out at Barnes and Noble, then Dad, Pedro, and Hb to round out the family.
Monday 29
Leave for Portland at 9:30AM.  Standard gas stop at the Arco just before Newberg.  Whole Foods in the normal stop, had a nice salad for lunch and read Boyd’s Edward Abbey book.  Then back to Murray, cross 26, east on Cornell, north on Skyline and went for a hike at the parking lot just off Germantown road.  Hiked for about 30 minutes, then back and across Lombard.  Brief stop in a nice mellow school yard, then onto Country Inn and Suites where I hung out and waited for Hb’s call.  Picked her up and we went to dinner on 42nd and Killinger, then Salt and Straw for Ice cream.  The drive home from Exit 288 at the 205 turn off to 228 took exactly 61 minutes.  Its 20 minutes from that point home.  So the drive from Portland once you hit the 205 on I5 is less than 90 minutes mas o menos.  I am learning my way around Portland more.  Last time when I took Hb to the airport I drove home down south and hit the 205 close to 99E.  That took forever, and now I am learning to get on I5, this time at Alberta.
Tuesday 30
In the evening we went to the Odd Fellows Potluck in Central Park and had pizza.  We sat with Ken, Phoenix, and Dan.  We helped Tim at the end of the night pick up chairs and take them to his car.


July


Wednesday 01
Filed NM CRS Taxes, I do this twice a year.  Went for a long into town, hit the library, the bank and the farmer’s market.  In the evening we went to reenie’s party in celebration of the new state law in oregon.
Thursday 02
Walk in morning to end of park and back on the same trail.  Saw Jan and Boyd along the way.  In the evening Hb and I went for a walk up Thompson and down Ryan.  Hb and Pedro went to lunch at Nearly Normal.
Friday 03
Talk to Patrick in the evening and then go for a walk around the block.  It is still hot here, we will be getting ready for our trip this weekend.
Saturday 04
Pedro came over in the morning and we hung out to about noon.  Then we went downtown and went to the Farmer’s Market which was in our parking lot.  We met Ken’s friend Andrea this morning who has the blueberry pad out in King’s Valley and Mart was sitting at her booth.  We also talked to Luke and Eleanor for awhile.  Luke gave us a Korabi.  Then we went and had some lunch at the Sushi place.  Then I did trash maintenance on the river, and got a new trash bag to deal with an overflowing 4th of July scene.  It was an interesting experience but I got all of the trash into the dumpster by getting a city trash can inside “the fence” and bringing it outside the fence and filling it up and carting that to the dumpster.  In the evening we hung out in the driveway with Jan, Mindy, Patrick and Izzy and let the 4th of July celebration happen all around us.  Prior to our hang out, Patrick, Izzy and I went for a walk around the Crystal Lake block with Izzy’s new bike with training wheels.  Hb was surprised how noisy the the fireworks were all around us, as last year she was in the Bay Area with Nancy, Angie, and Laurie.
Sunday 05
Tai Chi in the morning, then Ken and I swung by Charles Goodrich’s house and I met him for the first time.  He lives on Crystal Lake and Ken goes there every year for yellow plums.
Monday 06
Drove up I5 to Portland and stopped at Trader Joe’s on 21st and Glisan.  Then drive up Hwy 30 to Rainier and had lunch at a Mexican restaurant on the Columbia.  Arrive in Olympia around 3PM and checked into the Red Lion Hotel.  Then sat by the pool for an hour and went into town and walked around the wharf.  Hiked up to the Capitol Bldg and then back down to our car. 
Tuesday 07
Breakfast at an Indian restaurant downtown Olympia.  Afterwards we went out to Evergreen State College and hiked down to the Sound and sat on a log for awhile.  The college is lovely.  Back into town and dinner at a nice cafe across from the park.  Hang at the swimming pool and went to bed early.
Wednesday 08
Up at 5:30AM, breakfast in Port Angeles after securing a ticket on the 12:45PM ferry.  Ride to Victoria we met some Sikhs from Eugene and Espanola.  Checked into our hotel the James Bay Inn on Government Street.  Walked around downtown and then had a nice dinner near the Thriftway Grocery store a couple of blocks from our hotel.  Victoria is a lovely town.
Thursday 09
Morning drive around Victoria to the eastern edge of the island and then north to MacKenzie.  Went to the museum and saw some cool exhibits on the native peoples and gold.  In the afternoon had some lunch, walked around, then dinner at an asian vegetarian restaurant on johnson.
Friday 10
Drive north and had breakfast on the way at the Pioneer House.  Then made a right turn on Bench Road and ended up in Chemainus where we had a lovely talk with an older couple.  She was from England and he was a bush pilot for many years.  They were in their upper 80’s.  Arrived in Parksville and walked along the beach and a Sand Castle building contest.  Had a nice dinner at Leftys and then I went for a walk up the hill.
Saturday 11
Gluten free large pizza for dinner with pineapple and chicken at Lefty’s.  Went to the Farmer’s Market in Errington then Coombs to see Goats on the Roof.  Follow up with Cathedral Grove in MacMillan Provincial Park where we saw some 800 year old trees. 
Sunday 12
I really liked staying in Parksville at the Sandcastle Inn.  The place is clean, the staff is superb and the area genuine and classic Vancouver Island.  I would come back here again, for sure, and use this as a base for my up island travels.  The Farmer’s Market in Errington was a classic hippy one.  It was one of the best farmer’s markets I have been to outside of Corvallis.  The people were friendly, the date and lemon squares delicious, and the ambience rustic.  Our journey has been challenging in some ways, but traveling in general is challenging.  If you are by yourself you have your own issues, and the same with your partner and yourself.  So Hb and I have learned some things along the way, and enjoyed the island and the beauty.  Our first stop was the park just east of Parksville.  We met some guys from Canada who was having a family reunion in the shelter.  We talked to them for at least 45 minutes about life in Canada.  Then we headed on down to Nanaimo to the neck park and walked around the park.  We were there for about 2 hours and then headed to our hotel Howard Johnsons.  It was a basic hotel, our most basic one on the trip but definitely passable. We walked downtown and had a nice dinner of Hb salmon and me brie cheese with chicken sandwich.  Then walked back through the walkway and up to Bowen Park.  On the way home we walked by and watched some tango.  We basically saw the whole town and got a hit about what this place is about. 
Monday 13
Up at 6AM, walk down to the harbor and around the area.  Checked out, had breakfast up the road at a bakery.  Then on to the ferry.  Had a great talk on the ferry with Jim, he lives near Goats on the Roof.  We talked the whole trip.  He used to be a tugboat engineer but got into solar power later in life.  We talked about Nuclear generators, cold fusion, et al.  He knew the waterways and showed me around.  Crossed into the USA around 1PM, and then on to Bellingham for a nice full day.  Had lunch at a nice Thai restaurant and then bummed around downtown until the start of the Amy Winehouse movie.  Incredibly excellent flick about her short, glamourous life.  Afterwards we caught the sunset and the light.  Staying at the Lion’s Inn Motel @ 2419 Elm Street in Bellingham.
Tuesday 14
Up at 6AM.  Walk around the hood in Bellingham, then breakfast downtown.  In the afternoon we headed out to the park east of town where there are falls and trails.  In the evening we headed over to the COOP for a nice dinner and then walked around out on the western edge of town out near the Indian Res on the peninsula west of town.
Wednesday 15
So we woke up and had breakfast at the same spot as yesterday, just downtown right where holly starts.  We parked right before the paid parking.  The drive south was nice.  Until you hit I5 on Hwy 11 it is gorgeous.  From there it gets more busy.  But the space between is lovely.  The Kitsnap peninsula isn’t that great.  We had a nice lunch on the water, but our car was next to a kind of a weird guy --- and the energy of that through it off.  In either case, we drove to McDonalds in Tacoma and signed up for a final night back in Olympia at the Red Lion Inn.  It is only appropriate that we started the trip there and ended the trip there.  We had a nice mellow dinner downtown at a Vietnamese restaurant and talked to the nice waitress.  She seemed kind of bored with her job, in a good way.  We talked about how expensive Canada was as she had been there before.  We left her a nice tip, and then walked around downtown a bit.  There were 2 festivals going on, in 2 parks fairly close by both with live bands.  We then drove east out of town, hit the Arco for gas, and then caught I5 and drove south back to our hotel.  
Thursday 16
Nice buffet breakfast at the hotel.  Leave Olympia at 10:30AM arrive home at 2:30PM, its 200 miles from the Lions Inn to our house.  Dinner at Koriander around 4PM followed by shopping at the COOP.  Hang with Patrick, Mindy, and Izzy in the evening as they stopped by to welcome us home.
Friday 17
First day back to work.  Went to Peter’s for dinner at 6PM.  We had a nice zucchini dish, with dal and burgers.  Bob and Heidi came by for a talk and brought us some garlic.
Saturday 18
Farmer’s Market hung out with Tim at the water booth, talked to Ken and got some free cupcakes from the health care people.  In the evening we worked outside, talked to Steve about the geology of the PNW and threw a frisbee with Patrick and Izzy.
Sunday 19
Tai Chi with Dan, Ken, and Gail.  Made a cucumber potluck dish for the evening at Bina’s farm.  Linda Edwards joined us at Bina’s along with Pedro and Ken.
Monday 20
Went for a run and did the whole distance for the first time since last winter.  I was surprised I made it the whole way, heart was feeling good and not hurting, so it must be a mental thing.  In the evening Hb and I went for a bike ride over to the new road on Summerfield, across to the end and back down the hill through the park.  Afterwards we hung out with Patrick and Mindy in their front yard and rapped.
Tuesday 21
Worked all day and went to the Farmer’s Market.  Hung out with Otmar and talked more about batteries in reference to the Tesla.  Went for a walk around the park with Hb and Nancy B.  She told us all about her trip this winter down to Arizona, southern Ca, and Silver City.  She has an app that shows her when she is on BLM land. 
Wednesday 22
Long walk at the end of the day around the park by myself while Hb was home watering the front yard correctly.
Thursday 23
Pedro picks us up at 9AM for a ride out to Andrea’s to pick blueberries.  Ali went with us, it was the first time we met him.  I picked 2.5 buckets and we took a lot of blueberries home.  At the end of the picking I went for a walk across the King’s Valley Highway down the river some.  Got home and worked the rest of the day.
Friday 24
At 4:30PM we went to the COOP for a block party.  Ken was there.  We ate lots of samples and then went for a hike up on Fitton Green.
Saturday 25
Farmer’s Market in the morning, the corn person’s name is Paul.  Peter came over for lunch, Jan stopped by too.  Pedro did the flyer for the garage sale on August 8.  Did some work on photo backup to Amazon.
Sunday 26
Tai Chi in the morning.  Ken and I walked home via Crystal Lake and stopped and looked at things along the way like we always do.  Jan and Boyd came over for dinner.  She brought a yummy salad made by Boyd, Jan made chocolate cookies and Hb made her delicious pizza.  Today was the day that we used the new Flickr uploader to upload many recent years of pictures.
Monday 27
Walk in evening on the Atwood Loop.  Saw the new house that Sergio, Sole, and Aritz were buying on the right side past Atwood.
Tuesday 28
In the afternoon we went by the Farmer’s Market and hung out with Luke.  Afterwards we went over to Peter’s to say goodbye to him.  He is going back to Block Island through his birthday August 17.
Wednesday 29
Went for a walk in the evening at OSU, took the bus over there at 6:10PM.  Stopped by and listened to the big band in the park and took the 8:25PM bus home. 
Thursday 30
Bike ride over to Avery Park.  Spoke to Dad in the evening and he is dealing with Mother having two broken wrists.  It happened on the day that we left for Canada I guess around 3 weeks ago.
Friday 31
After my run in the morning I talked to Dave Lytle about biology, Leon down in Renee’s field and Bruce in front of his house.  In the evening we went to Kirtan and afterwards went for a walk around there.


August


Saturday 01
Big day at the coast.  Hb and I went to Yachats for the Psychic Fair.  I walked around and hit a garage sale and got some free seeds along with my purchase of a Canyon Ranch cookbook.  We headed over to Cape Perpetua for the first time.  We drove to the top of the hill, and hung for awhile up there looking at the ocean.  Its certainly a beautiful spot.  Back in Waldport for dinner at the bar on the water.  We had lunch at the Mexican restaurant just at the southern edge of town which was much, much better.  The drive home on Hwy 34 is lovely.  Hang with Izzy, Patrick and Mindy after getting home around 8PM. 
Sunday 02
Tai Chi followed by walk home with Ken.  Hb and I cleaned out he garage and got ready for the garage sale.  I also spread Jan’s fish meal on the front and back gardens.  Over to the COOP for the summer party at the pool.  On the way home we stopped by TJ’s and the Vitamin Cottage.
Monday 03
Mellow day at home.  Went to Amy and Dan’s house for dinner.  Watched the movie Amelie and Hb cut Amy’s hair.
Tuesday 04
Farmer’s Market in the late afternoon.  Hang out with Ken who gave me a new note for his friend Cynthia.  Had a nice talk with Shawn, Luke’s friend and Cecilia and her friend en espanol.
Wednesday 05
Hb and I went for a walk and run this morning in the park.  It was the first time that I ran to the end and then turned around and ran all the way back.  This concept of running about once a week seems about perfect for me.  In the evening we went to a free dinner at Del Alma on Social Security brought to you by OSU Credit Union.
Thursday 06
In the evening we went over to Coho to hear a long lecture and concert on Didgeridoos.  It was an interesting night to say the least.  Amy turned us on to this talk.
Friday 07
Worked all day, Hb went to Eugene for a massage.
Saturday 08
Garage sale in the morning, party for Mindy and Patrick in the evening.
Sunday 09
Didgeridoo festival at Prindel Creek Farm on Five Rivers Road 16 miles in from Hwy 34.  To go home go right on 3509, go left on 3305, go right on 3505, go left on preacher creek and finally go right on lobster valley.
Monday 10
Gloria and Diana’s for a potluck dinner.  Met Ron who is friend’s with Michael and Kirsten. Also had a long talk with Daniel, Diana’s brother who just moved here from New Braunfels.
Tuesday 11
In the evening more Spanish practice with a new vendor at the Farmer’s market whose daughter goes to Lincoln.  Also, Celia, and Cecelia came over to our house to get a piece of jewelry for her daughter.  We talked for awhile and I walked them back across Jen’s field and then saw Naj on the way back down Crystal Lake.  She wants to learn more Spanish and told me about Francesca who sells tamales for $15 a dozen.
Wednesday 12
Went for a bike ride in the evening over to WL.
Thursday 13
Walked downtown, then took the bus.  Walked around OSU.  Listened to a piano player outside, hang out in the Mem Union, lunch for the first time at the Thai Restaurant on 26th and Monroe, swung by the library to pick up some books then came home and talked to John.
Friday 14
Made a reservation to go home to Pittsburgh.
Saturday 15
Farmer’s Market in the morning followed by shopping at the COOP.  Hb and I went out to the Summit Festival via Hoskin’s Road in King’s Valley.  In the evening Laughing Star and John G came by to see our house.
Sunday 16
Went for a walk in the park after Tai Chi with Hb.  We stopped by Renee’s house on the way home.
Monday 17
Read after 6PM the Antonio Machado poem Alvargonzalez, then went for a short walk around the block.  Hb went to the dentist and then went to pick up Pedro at the airport, he was flying back from Block Island.
Tuesday 18
Farmer’s market in the evening, afterwards we stopped by Peter’s house.
Wednesday 19
Hang out with Dan Crall in the evening and his son John and Saul at their house.  Hb and I went over there to look for some rocks.  We listened to Dan’s podcast for the first time, it is called “The Spirit of the Forest”.  Afterwards I watered and pulled out some blackberries and poison oak.
Thursday 20
Walk in the evening around the block.  Saw Ken on the way and we talked about coming over this weekend for our BBQ.  We are going to throw some vegetables on there.  Hb stopped by Jason’s house to tell Sarah to come over for breakfast in the morning.  During the day Heidi came over to chat about her upcoming trip this weekend to Vancouver Island.  They are doing a VRBO in Sydney.  Bob came over to bring us some grapes.
Friday 21
COOP Summer Block Party, saw Kathy Miller at the party.
Saturday 22
Hang out with Ken at the Farmer’s Market where Dale was playing, swing by Bi-Mart for potting soil.  In the afternoon I had a long chat with David.  He starts CMU next week, I had not talked to him in over one year.  About midday the smoke moves in from fires raging all over Oregon.  We do not go to Mart’s party for many reasons but mainly because of the smoke.
Sunday 23
Ken, Pedro, and Bina come over for dinner.  By dinner time the smoke had lifted and we were able to open our windows.  In the afternoon Hb went to judge art and poetry on the women’s calendar.
Monday 24
Walk in the evening through the wetland south of us.  The touch of autumn is now in the air and we love it.
Tuesday 25
Farmer’s Market at the end of the day.  We learned Ylonda, Edith and Daisy’s name and picked up a box of plums to boot.
Wednesday 26
Trader Joe’s in the evening followed by Patrick and Mindy stopping by and hanging out in our house.
Thursday 27
Nice hike on Road 800 just west of the Lewisburg Saddle.  They were cutting trees at the top of the hill so we dropped down to the bottom of the hill.  We walked to the end of Road 800 and then kept going on the trail till we got to the side of a hillside.  I went up and down the hill, and the trail starts at the bottom of the hill and keeps going somewhere.  Next time we may find out.
Friday 28
Party to see the Space Neighbors with Johng, Renee, Kathy and Will at the Bar on the roof, Sky High Brewery at around 8:30PM.
Earlier Ken came over to help Hb move her Buddha in the back yard.  She bought it in Monroe on the way home from Eugene.
Saturday 29
Excellent party at Earth Rising.  Peter picked us up at 5PM.  We hung out with Ken, Phoenix, Lee and associated other folks.  Luke showed up at the end of the night with his friend Shawn who is going to New Zealand for 3 years.
Sunday 30
Great walk at Starker Park and east on the bike trail.  It was the first day out when it was cloudy and slightly damp and autumn was in the air.
Monday 31
In the early evening Cecilia and Celia stopped by our house.  Cecilia was bringing by the money for her daughter’s present.  Hb told her (again) that it was a gift.  We went for a short walk over to Goodnight, again a beautiful evening in late summer in Corvallis.  Hb and Pedro went out to lunch at Magenta earlier in the day and Hb made a chocolate cake in the Bundt pan.


September


Tuesday 01
Great market today.  Dan and John were there and we walked down to the fort.  Hung out with Nancy, Linda, Pedro showed up, talked to Johng, a good time was had by all.
Wednesday 02
Great walk over to Avery Park, hang out there for awhile, then hang at Lilly Park for awhile, then back home.
Thursday 03
Oil change at Firestone at 10AM.  Talk with some folks inside wfc, not a good time, I should have just walked out and said no thankyou.  In the evening we walked over to Kathy Miller’s backyard and saw her plum tree. Then walked around WL, (Williamette Landing).  Officially met our neighbor Doug of Doug and Jamie. 
Friday 04
Run in the morning then hang out at Coho and talk to Mehta and Amaris.  In the evening we went to the library for a Bernie gathering and then I went for a walk from there.  It was a beautiful evening and it was the first OSU Beavers game tonight.
Saturday 05
Farmer’s Market in the morning, we hung with Patrick and Izzy and watched a pogo dancer.  Mindy close to baby.  Lunch with Pedro at the Woodsman for the first time.  Tony our waiter, his family is from Laos.  They have good food and it was our first time there.  I went to Bi-Mart to get some soil and planted the next round of winter vegetables in the ground in our backyard bed.
Sunday 06
Walk in Lebanon along our normal route out to the river.  On the way back we met Mark and his big black walnut tree.  Lunch at the Mexican restaurant then ride up to Scio.  We walked around and went into the museum.  On the way home we stopped by Costco.
Monday 07
Hike for the first time up at Mary’s Peak.  It was a beautiful day and we hiked down towards Connor’s camp and then from Connor’s camp back up to the Tie Trail.
Tuesday 08
Farmer’s Market in the afternoon.  Met Joe who lives on the southeast corner of Alexander and Crystal Lake.  Saw Jen Brown who signed off on our OK to pick grapes in her backyard.  She is in the process of buying the house from Karen Mayo.
Wednesday 09
Ken’s at 8AM to buy some dried fruit.  Peter stopped by on his way to Olympia.  Today was the first day using the hydrator and we did tomatoes.  Probably enough on the tomatoes, as unfortunately I really can not eat them.  In the evening we went for a short walk over to Clearwater and then watched a documentary on Bob Weir of the Grateful Dead.
Thursday 10
Walk downtown and catch the bus home.  It was a gorgeous hot late summer day.  Along the way I had a chat with Teresa.  Talk by Toby Hemenway on permaculture at the library.
Friday 11
Walk in the evening in the park and saw Diane and Kerry, hung out with them for awhile.  They were on their bikes.
Saturday 12
Farmer’s Market followed by lunch at Gathering Together.  Jonah still works there, but he was not there today.  Walk at dark around the block.
Sunday 13
Ken and I found a nice fig tree between Adams and Jefferson in the first alley just west of 7th.  We rode our bikes there at 11:30AM.  Ken and I walked home from Tai Chi and then I rode over to his house.  In the afternoon I did some cooking for the potluck at Steve Rose’s and then went for another bike ride around the park.  The potluck at Steve’s was great.  We talked about the future of the organization as Linda is stepping down as the lead.  She gave, Ken, me and Linda Edwards a ride to the pot luck.  Hb went with Sherry up to Lauries in Estacada for a workshop.
Monday 14
Got battery in the morning at Les Schwab.  Up and running with Ten Rivers Food Web Email List.  Spoke to Linda, do not have to sign the confidentiality agreement.  Talked to John before Max meeting.  Max meeting, spoke to Rand.  While talking to Rand I got an email from Laura saying my invoice had already been paid.  Deal with that in the afternoon.  Got an email from Susan Hyne saying we owe Coho $73 for the next fiscal year starting October 1. In the evening we went to Peter’s house to hear about his journey north through the PNW.
Tuesday 15
Set up a new email address organicpotluck with all of the contacts up and running.  So I am all set on this front.  Went for a walk around the park then went to the farmstand.  Had a long chat with Jay, Linda’s husband.  He studied at St. John’s in Santa Fe in the mid 70’s.  I bought a wheel barrow from Mark for $10, so now we have a nice second one that is a bit lighter.
Wednesday 16
Bank in the morning and cleaned my room and washed my sheets as Sharon is coming tomorrow.  In the afternoon went over to Coho to give susan hyne our annual dues for next year.
Thursday 17
Hb and I went for a nice early morning walk around WL.  When we started out walking it was raining, but it cleared and the sun came out and it was hot.  Sharon arrived around 4PM and we went for another walk in the park.  Nice dinner of turkey breast tacos and malbec.
Friday 18
Great bike ride in the early afternoon with Sharon out to where 53rd turns to dirt.  Nice dinner of corn on the cob and hot dogs.
Saturday 19
Farmer’s market in the morning, lunch at Gathering Together with Sharon and Pedro.  Mellow afternoon, Johngi and Laughing Star stopped by before dinner.  Pedro came back for dinner and we had stuffed zucchini based on Sharon’s rec.
Sunday 20
Mellow day at home after Sharon departure, I worked and Hb cleaned house.  In the evening we went on a walk and got an update from Jan on baby Juniper. 
Monday 21
Worked all day, in the evening we hooked up with Karen Mayo and walked with her around the block.  We saw her walking on Thompson and she walked with us back to her backyard where she showed us what she is growing and gave us some grapes to take home.
Tuesday 22
Walk around the park before the Farm Stand.  Gorgeous, beautiful final day of summer came and went in OR.  We continue to be enamored by this place.
Wednesday 23
Hb and I took the bus to OSU.  Then walked over to Kings and took the bus out to Winco.  Then walked up the hill and got snagged up in the black berries, then double back and catch the rode to the west, through the apartments and finally end up on 29th.  That is the way to walk.  The other way is walk over to 29th from the south streets between Circle and Walnut.  We are learning our way around this lovely town called Corvallis.
Thursday 24
Set up the Google group for Growing Organic.  In the evening went for a long walk around WL and on the path along the river. Only saw about 3 people in the dark, one guy was running with a light and lights on his legs.  It was a gorgeous warm early autumn evening.
Friday 25
In the evening Hb and I walked over to WL.  Another gorgeous autumn evening with the moon getting closer to full.
Saturday 26
Pick up sunglasses, from now for the rest of my life I will be wearing sunglasses outside.  Hb rock shop to pick up turquoise necklace.  Farmer’s market to pick up winter squash and corn.  Paul has one more week left of corn, I got his last corns. Lunch with Peter at Sada.  Fall festival.  We hung out with Ken, saw Lee and he told me about his didg lessons and went for a walk with Byron around the block and he told us about his new profitable business. 
Sunday 27
Great day out at Jen’s house.  She is the mushroom lady and a friend of Ken’s.  Peter picked us up at 11AM and we went out to Jen’s.  It was a great day with Ken, Peter, and Hb.  She has a gorgeous place and I continued to walk out in her field to the north.  She made delicious mushroom soup.  In the evening we went to Jan’s 70th birthday party.  I had a nice talk with her son and his girlfriend at the end of the evening.
Monday 28
Long day of work.
Tuesday 29
Farm Stand with Gloria and Hb. Long talk with Dan about the show.  John, his son, now knows my name.  At the end of the evening it was turning dark and cooling off quickly.  I walked home and it was chilly.  Met Luke’s friend and helper Ebenezer.
Wednesday 30
Hb drive me downtown.  I went to the bank and library and then walked home via Avery Park.  It is yet another beautiful day in Paradise.  Hb went to the movies in the afternoon and I stayed home.


October


Thursday 01
Peter stopped by in the early afternoon to say goodbye to us and pick up his blue bucket.  Another gorgeous autumn day in Corvallis. 
Friday 02
Hb had a massage in Eugene and I walked from the 5th street outdoor mall up to the Masonic cemetery via the Amazon Trail.  At 30th I went east and then down Alder and around to the cemetery hill.  Hb and I had lunch at Sundance and then drove to Cottage Grove.  We walked around downtown and went to the bookstore.  We drove along the river and then went home and went for a walk from the Best Western.  Jessica is the manager and she is very nice, she has worked there since 2000.  Hb went home on the hike and I continued on to downtown and then swung back on the bike trail which starts just west of downtown.  
Saturday 03
A nice breakfast in Cottage Grove at Buster’s.  Our favorite restaurant in Cottage Grove.  From there we went north on Hwy 99 to Creswell.  Then on to the Sundance to buy our food for the trip.  We arrived at Belknap and then hiked down river for about 1 hour.  We had a nice soak and went to bed early.  We soaked from dusk to after dark.
Sunday 04
Hb soaked after breakfast and I hung out in the room.  Then we went on a hike from Deer Creek Road upstream to probably just a bit south of Olallie campground.  We didn’t make it there, but we were probably pretty close.  Next time we will look for it.  The big hint is the solar panels, picnic tables and the raging river Olallie flowing into the McKenzie.  Afterwards we came back home and had a nice dinner in our room.  We have the food scene down now.  We bought lots of good food at the Sundance and brought it with us.  Including cheese, yogurt, chili beans, two salads, granola and apples.  We soaked in the evening and went to bed early.  
Monday 05
Up at 6AM, we went to bed early last night.  Hang after breakfast for a while reading.  Then did the trail from Smith River / Trail Bridge Reservoir downstream to Olallie campground on the other side of the river.  We started around 11AM and finished up around 3PM with lunch at the trailhead.  Where we started the trail is literally on the other side of the road to keep going next time if you so choose.  From there we north to Hwy 22 and stopped off at the Detroit Lake station and then at the actual dam.  From there we went through Mill City into Scio and then into Albany for a nice dinner at our favorite Mexican restaurant in Downtown Albany.  After dinner we spoke to the owner of the “Pix”, a theatre he bought in 2013 by selling his house in Orange County.  We were home at dark and unpacked the car prior to total darkness.  A good trip was had by all.
Tuesday 06
Farmer’s Market at the end of the day, buy my final load of dried pears from Ken.  First day back from vacation was not fantastic for numerous reasons.  Must have been forbodeing for what is to land in my lap tomorrow morning.
Wednesday 07
Max gives me the bad news, no more money for me.  Clean out the back gutters and unscrew the grate into the attic. The past 2 days could have been better, but we are already looking up at the end of the day.
Thursday 08
Worked outside cleaning out the gutters.  They are done until we get back from Ashland.  Then I will do a second round.  Cleaned up the front yard and planted the remaining starts we had.  Most of them were dug up by the squirrels.
Friday 09
Went for a walk in the evening for the first time this week.  A sign of what I had to deal with this week.  Including getting fired from my job, chipmunks in our attic, etc…  Went over to Peter’s in the evening to hang out.
Saturday 10
Hang at the market in the morning and picked up our annual stash of beans from Paul Harcombe.  We got $20 bucks worth of beans, which should last us for awhile.  Afterwards I came home and Hb went to the OddFellows for a movie.  Boyd came over and put the dead bolt latch on the screen door.
Sunday 11
Tai Chi with Ken, Dan, and Gail.  Ken and I had a nice walk home and saw Courtney along the way.  Pot luck at Katie’s.  Ken, Hb and I walked over to the forest road which went up the ridge.
Monday 12
Long walk through the park after a final call with Max.  Saw Patrick and we rapped for awhile.  It was a gorgeous day.
Tuesday 13
Farmer’s Market in the afternoon, had a nice talk with Francisca in Spanish, she has 8 kids and is from Oaxaca. 
Wednesday 14
Boyd came over in the morning to look at the roof, we found the spot where they are probably getting in.  Ken was there too.  In the evening we went to Del Alma.  We had a nice chat with Alberto early in the evening, he was not busy yet.  We had a beautiful dinner.  Peter came over in the afternoon and we hung out for awhile in the back yard.  In the evening we went to Del Alma for dinner and chatted with Alberto.  We had a nice dinner and the walk before and after dinner was lovely.
Thursday 15
Boyd and I got up on the roof and put the piece of wood in the slot where the little hole was.  Hb and I went for a walk afterwards past Reenie’s and back around.  We sat down at the frisbee golf range for a bit to chill out.  On our way home we ran into Alberto and told him about dinner last evening at Del Alma.  Its funny we saw him the next day.  He was walking his dog. Over to the COOP at dusk to get some food.  Today was my last day of work at Vault12.
Friday 16
Looks like some clouds rolling in as rain approaches for the first time this autumn.  Went for a walk after dark over to the Farm Stand and back home.  It was a calm but slightly warm evening as I had my hat on.
Saturday 17
Farmer’s Market in the morning late, shut down the market.  Then came back and Peter came over for lunch and then we planted our fig tree and our garlic from Cheryl.  We watched a movie in the evening called Good Ol' Freda about the Beatles secretary and admin of the fan club.
Sunday 18
Tai Chi in the morning, Ken stopped by and Hb was still sleeping.  Afterwards we went for a hike for the first time at the Arboretum.  Along the way I bought some shoes at Big5.  Afterwards we went shopping at the circuit.  We are now including Market of Choice on our palette for sausage and other potential meats.  Came home and had our famous turkey and beans for dinner followed by a walk over to CoHo for the 8th birthday party.  We had some yummy cake.
Monday 19
Mellow day at home, got some more needed rain.
Tuesday 20
Hb goes to get Anya at the airport.  Walk in the afternoon around the park then hang at the Farmer’s Market till 6:30PM.  Pedro and Anya over for dinner.
Wednesday 21
Hb and Anya went to their drumming circle and they dropped me off downtown and I went to the library to return some books prior to my departure to Pittsburgh next week.  Walked up to 15th and caught the bus home.
Thursday 22
Hb takes Anya over to Suzanne’s house.  Our gorgeous autumn walk at the end of Airport Road to the Evergreen intersection takes about 1 hour.  It was as nice as it gets for a crisp, blue sky afternoon in the Oregon Coast Range.
Friday 23
Went to the Magic Barrel.
Saturday 24
Lunch at the Gathering Together.  It was our final meal there for the season.  We picked up some Pinto beans.  Afterwards we went out to Judith Sander’s home off Powder Drive.  We parked and walked to her place.  Her husband offered us some apples which I picked off her tree.  Came home and planted the Alfalfa cover crop.  Timing was excellent as it started raining the next day Sunday.  Also, pulled out the tomatoes and saved the green ones.
Sunday 25
Tai Chi in the morning followed by Dale Donovan’s in the afternoon and then Susan Johnson’s house.  Stopped by Peter’s house on the way home.
Monday 26
Excellent lunch at Helser's on Alberta.  Prior we stopped by North Face at exit 271.  Walked around Alberta street afterwards and had tea and a cookie at the La Patiserrie nearby on Alberta.  We went back to the Red Lion and I paced around the back of the Country Inn till dark.
Tuesday 27
Up at 3AM.  Airport by 4:45AM.  Chicago at 1PM.  Took the bus to Mom and Dad’s.  Had a nice chicken salad dinner with baked potato and my brussel sprouts from Corvallis. 
Wednesday 28
Walk in the early afternoon to the Apple Store then up Negley Hill and back along Fair Oaks to Forbes and then back down the hill.  Iris stopped by at 5PM and we talked for awhile.
Thursday 29
Brief walk in the afternoon to Winchester and then up towards Pitt.  In the evening Larry and Iris came over and I had a nice long talk with Larry.
Friday 30
Symphony at Heinz Hall.  Awesome piano player Conrad Tao.
Saturday 31
Lunch with Robert Levin and Kerry.  John Miller’s house at 3PM.


November


Sunday 01
Walk over to Whole Foods to buy some Olive Oil for Andy and Debbie.  Walk with Scott in Frick Park from the Frick Museum under Forbes Avenue to the Frick Park Parking Lot between Braddock Ave and the Tunnel just before the Parkway.  In the evening I went over to Andy and Debbie’s house for dinner.  Myra was there along with Joe and Jessie, Robert and Kerry and Danny Gespass.
Monday 02
Rodef Shalom for a talk by Danny Shiff on humans turning into robots.  Walk around CMU campus after dark.  The campus is cool and very geeky, I like CMU and the energy there.  Saw Rosalie and Lou Anstandig along with Latterman who is Leslie Bondy’s father-in law.  We talked about Ray Kurzweil.  Danny Shiff and I are the same age.  
Tuesday 03
Walk over to the Apple Store to buy headphones then go on a walk.  Dinner at Mallorca on the South Side, I had Paella which was very good. 
Wednesday 04
Iris and I go out to her house and go for a walk.  It was a perfect day in Pittsburgh.  About 70 degrees and not a cloud in the sky.  In the evening we went to a talk at the Mellon Institute across from Pitt on 5th Avenue about Art and Music in Expression.
Thursday 05
Lunch with Mother at the Square Cafe which is next to Regent Square on Braddock Avenue.  Dinner with Robert, Kerry, Andy, Debbie, Danny, Lois who is Kerry’s mom at the Pittsburgh Golf Club on Forbes near Aunt Marilyn’s old house.
Friday 06
Walk with Mother over to the track and then on my own out to Center Ave on Devonshire.
Saturday 07
Walk with Elizabeth around the block at their house, then hang with David in the TV room.  Dinner at Bravo with M & D, stop by the Dollar Store on the way home for a birthday card.
Sunday 08
Walk around the track at CMU with mother then short walk around the block.
Monday 09
Dinner at Union Grill with Mom and Dad, prior stopped by their music class at Mellon Institute.
Tuesday 10
Went over to Iris’s house and hung out with her and Larry for about one hour just before lunch time at our house.  It was the first or second rainy day here, the journey as far as the weather is concerned has been perfect.  Sunny, and warm in the 70’s.
Wednesday 11
Up at 5:30AM.  Caught the 6:55AM bus, hung out in the airport and did some work.  Flawless flights to both Phoenix and Portland.  We flew over the Grand Canyon.  It was a warm sunny day in the southwest.  We hit the rockies at Denver and flew over the front range and west towards Phoenix.  Arrived in Portland early and caught the shuttle over to the Red Lion.  Dinner at Salty’s on the Columbia and then drove home.  No traffic by 7:15PM in Portland.  A good trip was had by all.  We called Mom and Dad at 9:15PM.
Thursday 12
Walk towards town then took the bus to my meeting with Vanessa Winn at the Swanson Agency.  She is a nice person and I would go back to her again with more questions about health insurance.  Her number is 541 757 7166.  Afterwards I took the bus home and we went over to Peter’s house for dinner.  It was his first fire of the year.  In the early morning, Ken came over and we hung out and bought some Yacon.
Friday 13
Final day of packing prior to our trip down to Ashland tomorrow.  Dinner with Peter at the Middle Eastern Restaurant in southtown then Live Kirtan Band with Kitzie Stern.  Afterwards we talked to Wil, Kathy, and Johng recertifying my love and passion for living in Corvallis.
Saturday 14
Left at 9am, arrive in Grant’s Pass at 1PM.  Great lunch at Mamosas.  Took the back road to Ashland.  Unpacked by dark, Russ stopped by and then we walked over to the COOP.  Along the way we checked on our reservation at Larks at the Ashland Hotel and talked to Scott.  We saw Jimmy at the COOP and talked to him for awhile.  It was funny running into him, and great to see him.  He is doing well.
Sunday 15
First full day in Ashland.  Nice drive up to Medford and went to TJ’s, Vitamin Cottage, Costco and Walmart.  At dark I went for a walk up the hill and back around home.  At the end of the walk it was starting to sleet.  This is a beautiful place.
Monday 16
Hb went to yoga in the morning.  In the afternoon we walked into town up Granite and back through the park.  Lunch at the COOP and afterwards we went for a walk up the hill.
Tuesday 17
Hike with Hb to the top of the Bandersnatch trail and then looped around back to the Ashland loop road.
Wednesday 18
Spoke to Anne Fazioli from ubnt at 10AM.  In the afternoon we went on a walk downtown and then south of town in the hood.  We stopped by Lisa’s Art Gallery where we saw Shannon Murray last year.  Another beautiful late autumn day in Ashland.
Thursday 19
Gluten free pizza for dinner from organicos, afterwards we walked around.  Hb lost one purple glove and then luckily found it.
Friday 20
Nice hour long talk with Tessie, Rand’s book is out on Amazon.  In the evening we went to hear some Kirtan music at the Tea house.  It was fun, and there were a lot of people there.
Saturday 21
Breakfast with Ginny in Talent at the Talent Cafe.  Walk along Bear Creek.  Stopped by the 2 hotsprings places on the way home and had cookies at the fancier one.  Then on to the COOP.  Along the way we ran into Byron on the streets of Ashland, he was down here for a conference.  A mellow birthday evening at home was had by all.
Sunday 22
Went to church in the morning at the Jewish synagogue. Lunch at Sauce, then Hb went to WeMoon and I went for a walk up Tolman Creek Road.  Back at home we did the first loop up to the top of the hill and around down Strawberry.
Monday 23
Hike up on the PCT for the first time.  Hwy 66 to the summit, and the trail is right there.  We walked south, and then north along the road.  Southern Oregon is a magnificent place, and the Cascade Siskiyou National Monument is at the heart of its beauty thanks to its National Monument status in the year 2000 by President Clinton.
Tuesday 24
Walk at the end of the day up Strawberry hill and back around on Wimer.
Wednesday 25
Lunch with Laura Cramer at the COOP for a turkey dinner.  In the evening I did the loop, but this time on Grandview, which can only be caught by heading up Nob Hill.
Thursday 26
Thanksgiving dinner at Lark’s at 12:30PM, this was a good time.  Afterwards we went on a drive out towards Jacksonville.  Back home and did the Grandview Strawberry loop with Hb for the first time this year.
Friday 27
Laundry in the morning.  Turkey dinner lunch at the COOP.  Cookies and candy and hot chocolate at our day after Thanksgiving party store on the corner.  Back to the house briefly then over to watch the parade.  We figured out to hang out at the end of the parade route near the library and then tuck in behind Santa and walk the whole parade route right behind the cops.  It was a BIG RUSH being in the parade.  Came home pretty much after the parade was over.  Home by 6PM.
Saturday 28
Holiday Faire at the Armory.  Lunch at Agave, tortillas are 25 cents.  Walk up Gresham and into park just as it turns to nightfall.  Watched people skate and saw Nancy from the Corvallis Farmer’s Market.  She was down in Ashland for Thanksgiving.
Sunday 29
Went hiking out in Jacksonville in their Woodlands behind the outdoor amphitheatre.  Then over to a Thai restaurant just north of TJ’s / Vitamin Cottage on 2392 N. Pacific Hwy called Ali's Thai Kitchen.  Afterwards we went to the Vitamin Cottage and Trader Joe’s and got home just after dark.
Monday 30
Spoke to Susan Nicholas about the Soil Amendment Sale and helped her get up and running with groups.


December


Tuesday 01
Hike in the Oredson Todd Woods near Jean Houston’s house.  Lunch at the Indian restaurant downtown, we had a great buffet.
Wednesday 02
Hike in the afternoon out to I5, then turn around, have a piece of pizza in town and walk to the top of Strawberry hill.  First off the bat I went to the coop and got some granola and corn nuts.
Thursday 03
Short walk after dark through the drizzling rain up the hill and back down Pine.
Friday 04
Late breakfast with Tony, Jessica and Carol at Morning Glory.  Afterwards we went hiking south of town on Route 66 along Corp Ranch Road which is across the street from Neil Creek Rd.  We did laundry when we got home and I spoke to Michael Berkowitz on the phone for his birthday.  I also learned today from David Wolpert that he was at MD Anderson hospital in Houston for lung cancer.  He got an IEEE award several days back and so I emailed him and he emailed me back along with Bill and Nina telling me the news.  Needless to say I was bummed out.  Afterwards we went on the first Friday art walk with Jessica, Carol and Tony around town.
Saturday 05
Hb went to get a massage in town and I stayed at home.  In the afternoon we ventured north on the east side of I5 to Medford, then caught Foothill to 140.  At the Lost Creek split we went right to this spot which has the Lost Creek Bridge.  We walked up the valley with the cows off in the distance on a chilly, cloudy late autumn afternoon.  Afterwards, we went back to Ashland and had dinner at our favorite Mexican restaurant Agave.
Sunday 06
The highlight of the day was our hike down into the canyon high above the Pioneer Bridge just north of Yreka built in 1931.  Our hike was marvelous and goes hand in hand with yesterday’s hike in Lost Creek.  We started the day off late and headed south on I5 and then east at exit 789 onto Copco Road crossing the Klamath River onto Ager Road into Montague.  We parked in Yreka briefly then headed north on Hwy 263 to our final destination at the bridge.  Back in Ashland, we went to the first night of Hanukah candle lighting and met the Chabad Rabbi whose name is Rabbi Avi Zwiebel.
Monday 07
In the afternoon I walked over to the COOP to buy some Quinoa for the trip home.  Went back with Hb to buy some Garbanzo beans, and went for a walk down along B street towards the university on Siskiyou.
Tuesday 08
Long talk with Peter Day.  In the afternoon, I had a long talk with Ken as Hb and I went for a walk in the park.  Came back here and had dinner and then went back out and watched people skate in the park.  It was a warm beautiful evening.
Wednesday 09
Lunch with Hb for the first time at our favorite Thai restaurant in Ashland called Anya’s.  It was my first time there this year, but Hb has been there several times.  Long walk up on Strawberry Hill.  Finally learned my way around on the Manzanita connection.  It is a beautiful spot up there, and our time in Ashland was muy bien.
Thursday 10
Lunch with Laura at the COOP.  Walk down Helman out to I5 and back with Hb for the first time with her.  I walked down there by myself last week.  It was a rainy day, but when we went for a walk it cleared and the afternoon was damp, cold but a lovely late autumn day in Ashland.
Friday 11
Lunch at the Indian restaurant downtown Ashland.  Afterwards Hb had tea with Ginny.  She came home about 6PM and we went for our final walk up Manzanita and swing back around on Nutley.
Saturday 12
Pack car before breakfast and before it started raining.  Left our house at 9:07AM, gas up at our normal spot then out to Jacksonville through Applegate into Grants Pass.  Stopped at Exit 136 at the McDonalds in Sutherlin.  Then onto to Cottage Grove for lunch at Buster’s Main Street Cafe.  Hb had the Ruben which is the call, I had a hamburger and we split our meal.  Arrived home about 3:30PM and backed into the garage and unloaded our gear, everything in the house was in order.  Watched a movie called the Best Offer with Donald Sutherland and Geoffrey Rush.
Sunday 13
Ken arrives around 10AM after Tai Chi, I didn’t go today.  He stayed till about noon and then we went to get some keys made at the hardware store and then Market of Choice to buy Hanukah candles.  TJ’s and the Vitamin Cottage for our first shopping since coming back from Ashland yesterday.
Monday 14
Got up early and did my annual sample for KP and took it down to the PO and went for a long walk downtown up the down the river to the end, then out to the Valley Library, then back to the bank and finally went to the PO to pick up our mail for the month.  Then I went back home and did the gutters.  It was a gorgeous day as it turned from rain to a mix of sun and clouds to cloudy.  Hb went to hang out with Renee and I chilled out for the afternoon.  In the evening we went over to Peter’s for dinner, he had a nice fire and we had bacon and talked about IQ tests, and Holly Holm from ABQ who won a fight and is now the world champion.
Tuesday 15
In the afternoon we went over to RiteAid to buy some large manilla envelopes, then to the end of Circle drive for a walk out to Harrison.  Stopped by the Post Office on the way home to mail off my contract to BuzzSumo.  I got my job offer today and did all of the paperwork surrounding the contract.  In the evening we went over to Renee’s house to play some music with Windsong, Dan, Amy, Vernon, Ron, Sherry et al.  It was drizzling on the way home, but a lovely walk.  We also met an older gentleman by the name of Mark who lives on Crystal Lake next to Vera.
Wednesday 16
Peter came over in the morning to help Hb with the new water filter.  Patrick came over in the early afternoon.  He hung out with us for awhile and we gave him 2 cups of oats and he brought us eggs.  He got his vasectomy two days ago on Monday.  At 4PM I walked to Bethel and CL and caught the bus over to the Valley Library.  Hung out there till 6PM then walked home and stopped at the COOP.
Thursday 17
First all day rain since coming back from Ashland.  So I did not go out at all today.  Ken came over at 5PM and Peter at 5:30PM and we hung out for a bit.  Then Hb made the burgers, and we had a nice dinner.  Afterwards we watched the movie again, The Best Offer, and then we looked at Ken’s childhood pictures.
Friday 18
Hb and I went for a walk around the park.  It was a gorgeous cloudy day.  Yesterday it rained all day, so today being outside was glorious.  Upon return, I took the bus over to the COOP and saw Dan and Amy.  Then walked back home, and did a tiny bit of garden work.  Hb went to see a Janis Joplin movie and I stayed at home.
Saturday 19
Went out to 53rd and Hwy 20 to buy a Christmas tree.  The people who sell the Christmas trees own that corner lot.  Back to Pedro’s to haul some wood over to the wood bin and Hb and he got the Christmas tree set up.  Lunch at Koriander.  It was a nice sunny day early in the morning followed by some showers.  In the evening Ken came over and we watched the Bernie debate with Hillary.
Sunday 20
Tai Chi followed by early afternoon walk in the park.  Came back home and cooked dinner for this evening.  Jan and Boyd came over for dinner and we had chicken soup, tamales, my vegetable dish of kale and apples and Jan brought a yummy pumpkin type cheese cake.
Monday 21
Never left the house today.  Worked all afternoon and into the evening on backing up the remainder of 2015 photos.
Tuesday 22
KP in Salem by 10PM.  Afterwards we went to Costco in Salem, then walked around downtown and lunch at our favorite Mexican restaurant.  River road going home was closed so we took Kuebler Road out to I5.  Stopped at Nichols to pick up some Fava beans to plant in late winter.
Wednesday 23
Hb dropped me off downtown and I walked over to the OSU library and got my card renewed.  Then I did some research on New Zealand and walked home in the sun.  Over to Vitamin Cottage to buy some stuff for granola.  Then Hb and I did a walk south of here at the wetland.  Our time on our walks has been good as we have not gotten rained on recently.
Thursday 24
In the evening we went to Kirtan at the Friend’s meeting house.  It was our first time there.  Earlier in the day we made pumpkin pies.  In the afternoon we went for a walk.
Friday 25
Ken came over for brunch and his birthday celebration.  He and I stopped by Phoenix and Jan’s house and then walked down to the boat ramp which was under water.  Hb and I went out for a walk and talked to Mike and Kerstin who are heading out to Costa Rica for the winter.  They will be back on St. Patrick’s Day.  In the evening we went over to Peter’s for Christmas dinner with Nancy Day who was in town for the holidays.  This is our first time seeing her since Joe died.  We had a beautiful lamb, and Hb and I made a squash dish, along with Pumpkin pie and ice cream.
Saturday 26
Hike in the afternoon on Road 510 which is the south edge of the arboretum road in the forest.  Afterwards we went to the Vitamin Cottage and the COOP to get food for tomorrow evening’s dinner.
Sunday 27
Tai Chi in the morning, Ken and I walked home together.  Long talk with Bill and Michele.  Worked on copying Hb’s Tom Kenyon CD’s to disk and thumb drive.  Peter, Nancy Day, and Johng came over for dinner. It was Johng’s first time for dinner at our house.
Monday 28
In the afternoon I went over to the DMV and took my written driving test and passed.  I passed by one point.  Earlier in the day I took a bunch of practice tests, basically studying all day.  After coming home Hb and I took a walk in Williamette Landing.
Tuesday 29
Jason the roofer’s crew came by today and hopefully fixed our roof using plywood to fill in the holes that the chipmunks were getting into.  In the evening we went with Ken to the Odd Fellows 5th Tuesday potluck.  Lee was there and I met Brad who was born in Corvallis.
Wednesday 30
Nice sunny day in Newport.  Walked along Nye Beach.  Lunch at our favorite Mexican restaurant.  Walk along beach south of bridge for the first time.  We caught the sunset.  Upon our return Peter brought us some Christmas cookies.
Thursday 31
Last day of the year !  Spoke to Stu Cohn and David Friedman and went to see Star Wars: The Force Awakens.  It was a clear, cold sunny day and night in Corvallis, our home in Oregon.