2016


January


Friday 01
Hb and I worked on her Social Security application.  It was a nice sunny day here.  In the early afternoon I let the lawn mower run for an hour getting out all of the old gas.  Then we went for a walk over to the best view of the 3 sisters from the cemetery and country club hood.  We parked in our usual spot.
Saturday 02
Nice day driving out to Opal Creek Watershed and the North Fork Road of the Santiam river.  Just before Mill City you go left on Hwy 22 and head up into the mountains.  We drove to we hit snow.  It was gorgeous.  We stopped along the side of the road at a campground and walked down to the river.  We drove home through Scio and had dinner at Koriander.
Sunday 03
Ken came over and we walked over to Tai Chi.  Afterwards we had a hang out at our house.  Chris came to Tai Chi.  Dan has been out of surgery now 4 weeks and he is doing great.  In the afternoon we went food shopping at Trader Joe’s and the Vitamin Cottage.  At dusk I went for a walk over to Wake Robin on the other side of Park Ave and walked to the end.
Monday 04
Phoenix came over in the afternoon to talk about OddFellows.  Hb and I are going to join the Oddfellows.  Hb went to a City Council meeting on a planned extension of Kings Road.  First day of work at BuzzSumo.
Tuesday 05
Walk in the early afternoon around the park.  We saw pedro riding his bike and talked to him for awhile.  Phoenix came over and we filled out the application for Oddfellows and gave him $88.  Hb went to have an early dinner with Gloria.
Wednesday 06
Walked downtown.  Saw Patrick, then Mark along the way and stopped to chat.  He just finished reading Willa Cather’s My Antonia.  Stopped by the bank and took the bus home.
Thursday 07
Hb went over to Gloria’s to work on a farming project and I went for a walk around WL at dusk.  By the time I got home it was pitch dark.  Spoke to Peter in the evening.
Friday 08
Nice talk with Dad today about philosophy.
Saturday 09
Morning hike down at Finley.  We did the part of the hike that we missed last time.  It was our first time going in from 99 instead of the back way.  We parked at the first lot and then walked all the way to the place where there is a hill that emerges out of the valley floor.  At that place there is a trail and a small parking lot prior.  It is basically where the bridge goes over muddy creek.  In the afternoon Pedro came over for lunch.  Then Hb had a woman’s group and I went over to Peter’s to watch the Steeler game against the Bengals.  The Steelers won in a very dramatic ending.
Sunday 10
Really nice hike on Woods Creek Road.  Walked from Mile marker 3 to Mile marker 5.  We parked at a big house on the left side of the road going up just before Mile marker 3.  Pot luck in the evening at the COOP, the talk was by Darren Morgan on pollinators and more specifically bees.
Monday 11
Hb took me downtown and she went to Yoga and I went to the OddFellows interview at the New Morning Bakery.  Afterwards I took the bus home and walked from 3rd street home on my usual route.
Tuesday 12
Phoenix stopped by on an all rainy day and we hung out in the garage with his dog Buddy.  I gave him the remaining $50 for the initiation fee.  Earlier we gave him the annual dues of $88.  So we are all paid up for the year.  Patrick stopped by in the late afternoon with Izzy and he hung out for awhile.  We had a nice talk about the generation gap between teenagers today and us, and the impacts of the texting in their lives and how it is relevant to our culture.  For dinner, Laughing Star, Johngi, Naj, Windsong, Gloria and Pedro came by for a potluck followed by a Tom Kenyon session.  Hb gave her new moon presentation a few nights ago on Saturday evening.
Wednesday 13
Walk with Renie and Windsong in the afternoon around the park.  Hb went to Eugene for a massage and I ran into them in the park and we had a nice long walk.
Thursday 14
Went to a talk with Ken in the evening on Forest Management by John Bailey.  It was at the Unitarian church.  Earlier in the day I spoke to John Zeuli.
Friday 15
Walk downtown and had a pizza at American Dream Pizza.  Went to the bank, walk home with the pizzas.  It was a mild winter evening and the light is getting slightly later, a refresher from the winter daze.
Saturday 16
Farmer’s Market in the morning, it was the first one of the year at the fairgrounds.  We had fun !  And saw a bunch of people.  I am going to get another bag of beans from Paul.  Luke is in Hawaii and we had a nice talk with Ethan.  His birthday is October 7, 1975 so he is 15 years younger than me.  Afterwards Hb had her interview for OddFellows at the bakery and I went to the library and got the Don Quixote book.  In the afternoon we went for a nice walk late in the day, and then stopped by Peter’s house to help him with his fire alarm that was chirping.
Sunday 17
Tai Chi followed by long talk with Ken outside in the rain, but we were under cover.  Then I did some cooking of pumpkin soup, and then Peter’s to watch the Steeler game.  We had leftover pizza from the other night at American Dream Pizza, soup, and Hb made popcorn.  The Steelers lost to the Broncos but it was a good game.  Afterwards I went for a walk out Bethel to Crystal Lake.  It was a gorgeous night and I got in just between the rains.  So I was happy. 
Monday 18
Home all day, at the end of the day I went for a walk in the rain to the end of Bethel and back.  By the time I got outside it was not raining very hard, and I had a pleasant mid January walk at around 8PM.  Nice talk with Jeff Mankoff on Skype.  He and I had not spoken in over a year at least.
Tuesday 19
Up at 5AM.  Hb drove to the airport and I drove home on Peoria Road.  Stopped by Trader Joe’s for some food.  In the afternoon I walked downtown and took the bus home.  Hb’s plane was delayed 4 hours in Eugene upon flying to SFO.  Don’t go through SFO.  She arrived at 6:30PM.  Luckily, her plane from SFO to ABQ was the same plane from Eugene.  Flying is never fun !
Wednesday 20
Got my oil changed at Firestone.  Then walked over to the Credit Union on campus to open up an account.  The woman Shelley who took care of me was very nice and she told me that the Valley library was named after someone whose last name was Valley.  Walked back downtown, picked up my car, and headed home just before dark.
Thursday 21
Short walk late in the afternoon, picked up some tamales from Francesca and then did the short Crystal Lake loop.  Came back, ate some food, took a nap and Ken came over and we went to hear Jill Stein at the Unitarian Church.  Saw Will, Kathy and Delbert; it was an interesting evening to say the least in many ways.  All of this information is overwhelming, and people’s agendas get in the way of the realities surrounding us.
Friday 22
Work all day then in the late afternoon Patrick came over and we hung out for about an hour.  Afterwards I went to the Valley library and did some research on the UK.  I walked from the library to Peter’s house, it is slightly less than one hour.  I got to his house exactly on time at 7PM and stayed there until about 9:30PM.
Saturday 23
TJ’s in the early afternoon for food.  Then went for a long walk around the park and over to WL.  Got home just at dark.  On the walk home the wetlands were full of frogs.  It was magical.
Sunday 24
Ken came over for the sunday morning breakfast gig and we walked over to Tai Chi.  Upon return Ken reviewed CL postings and I started doing some cooking.  Over to Peter’s to watch the Broncos beat the Patriots.  Home for dinner then short walk up Ryan. 
Monday 25
So 3 days ago on Friday I got confirmation from BuzzSumo that I had a reservation at a hotel in London for our trip.  So all this weekend I thought about how long we want to go to London for and I decided on just under 4 weeks.  So this morning I got a confirmation back from James saying to go ahead and book my trip.  We are leaving on April 7 Thursday returning on May 3 Tuesday and we will be gone for 25 nights.  Ken took Peter to the airport early in the morning.  In the afternoon I walked towards town and took the bus the rest of the way.  I went to the OSU library and the Corvallis library to read and pick up some books on Great Britain.
Tuesday 26
Around 3PM I walked over to Phoenix’s house and we went for a walk with Reenie and the guy with the wireframe glasses and long white beard whose name is escaping me at the moment.  The sunset was amazing, it was bright orange like I had never really seen before.  Phoenix and I had a good time together.  It was our first time ever really doing anything together by ourselves.
Wednesday 27
Went for a walk in the late afternoon and saw Diane Young.  We talked for awhile in front of her mailboxes.  In the evening Ken and I went to the first Green Party social at the Old World Deli and I met some nice new people including some postdocs from OSU who were from Ireland and Brazil.
Thursday 28
In the early afternoon I spent time hanging out with Izzie, Patrick, and then had a nice talk with Mindy for the first time this year.  I have not seen her since returning from Ashland.  It rained in the morning and in the afternoon was sunny and gorgeous.  One of the big pumpkins was going bad so I got the seeds and cleaned out the pumpkin.
Friday 29
Worked all day and did not go for a walk.  I worked up until Ken arrived and then we went to the Old World Deli for a talk on people living on and around Mary’s Peak.  I came home and finished up my work.
Saturday 30
Farmer’s Market in the morning and got our beans from Paul.  Then I went for a nice walk along the trail up towards Bald Hill.  Afterwards went food shopping at the usual spots and then swung by the bank as well.  It was my first deposit ever into the OSU bank after opening up my account two weeks ago.  Left here at 4PM, and checked out some new roads into the airport prior to picking up Hb at 6PM, her plane was a bit late.  Then drove home on Peoria road.
Sunday 31
Tai Chi in the morning, walk home with Ken.  In the afternoon Hb and I went to lunch at Sada, then walked up Jackson to the OSU bank and then hung out at the library for awhile.  In the evening, we watched a documentary on Woody Allen’s life.


February


Monday 01
Walk with Reenie and Hb into the park. Hb goes to yoga at 5:30PM and I chill out at home.
Tuesday 02
Walk in the park via WL.  Saw Karen Mayo, she is back from her journey to Vietnam.  It started out cloudy and cleared up in a nice way over our walk.
Wednesday 03
Gloria came over for dinner and I went out on a walk to the library and read about Ireland.
Thursday 04
Short walk around the block.  Ken came over for dinner and we watched the 2nd Democratic debate between Bernie and the witch.
Friday 05
Walk late afternoon.  Then Ken came over and we went to the first Eco Film Festival at the Oddfellows with a movie titled “Just Eat It, A Food Waste Story.
Saturday 06
All day in Salem.  Started out at the Minto Brown Island Park and did a major walk all the way from parking lot 3 to parking lot 4.  It was our first time doing this hike.  Then from there we went over to check out Bush Park which we had never seen before.  We had a nice meal at La Hacienda Real Keizer.  Then on to Costco in Salem via Liberty.  It was our first time going all the way south on Liberty.  Hb drove home from Costco.
Sunday 07
In the morning I did my taxes.  In the afternoon we parked at the end of 29th at the top of the hill and walked up over the top of the hill and down past the powerlines into the next valley over called Dan’s lower trail.  Then swung by Trader Joe’s and over to Coho for a nice Susan Hyne dinner of corn chowder.  We hung out for awhile with Bruce.
Monday 08
Went to the dentist at 1PM and went for a short walk up to Beca.  Got home and had a nice dinner with Hb of potatoes and chicken.  It was a gorgeous sunny warm day in February.  I went for a walk around dusk and talked to M & D in the evening.
Tuesday 09
Went for a walk in the afternoon around the park.  Ran into Miriam and Margaret who we met at the Earth Rising party.  In the evening I did a bunch of research on Barcelona, as a possible option for a second place to go besides the UK.
Wednesday 10
Sierra club talk at the library on Tectonic Plates.  Ken saved us seats.  We went for a short walk up Jackson and did some reading on Spain and England.
Thursday 11
Hb cleaned out the garage today and so it took me some extra time to get the trash ready this evening.  We threw away lots of extra junk, thanks to Hb.  Hung out some with Patric and Izzy.  And went for a walk at dusk into the park.  It was foggy and cool.  I ran into Dave and Judy in the dark on the park path.  Judy recognized me by saying “Is that michael?”.  Pretty wild, I love where we live.  Thank you Peter Day !
Friday 12
Plant Fava beans at around 5PM.  Watched a movie with Ken at the Odd Fellows Hall Eco Film festival on growing local food in the Williamette Valley.  Film was produced locally and after the movie the people in the film were up on stage along with the producers. A very nice evening.
Saturday 13
Made our reservations for Barcelona.  OddFellows initiation at 8:30AM.  Breakfast first, then the gig, the tamales for lunch.  Afterwards we hiked up from Chip Ross Park to McDonald Forest, then the first loop on Dan’s Lower Trail and around on the forest road back to our car.  The first time ever doing that loop.  Afterwards we did our shopping tour of TJ’s and Vitamin Cottage.  Weather today was nice, we got our hike in prior to rain hitting.
Sunday 14
Tai Chi followed by chill out at home and help Hb with her taxes.  Made reservations for London, we are all set the whole time we are there in the same place at the hilton.  In the evening we went to the OddFellows for the monthly birthday party.  It was a small gathering of Phoenix, Naj, Tim, Lee, Terri, who we met for the first time and Byron.
Monday 15
Walk towards downtown then take the bus the rest of the way.  OSU library to read about London, then walk to the Vitamin Cottage and back downtown to take the bus home.
Tuesday 16
Walk late in the day.  Spoke to Will and Kathy in front of their house.  Spoke to Wendy in the evening and invited her to Michele’s birthday party on Saturday evening March 12.
Wednesday 17
Up at 3AM.  Never left the house today.  Hb went to her journey group in the evening with Renee and I stayed at home and worked more on my taxes.
Thursday 18
Coho in the evening for a nice burrito meal cooked by Ted.  We sat with Jim and invited him to our party.  Steve Brown was also there and we talked to him for awhile about playing music at Kirtan.  Hb and I helped clean up afterwards which was fun.  I walked to Coho and walked home and the night was lovely.  Timing was great as the rain stopped just long enough for me to walk to Coho, have dinner and walk home.
Friday 19
Walk at 5:30AM around the WL block.  Got home just at the crack of dawn which this time of year is 6:30AM.  Eco Film festival in the evening with Ken and gave Vernon a ride home.  The movie was about underground rivers which are also called sewer systems.  My whole life, I had no clue what a sewer system was until now.  Life is a BIG mystery.
Saturday 20
Finished up some work then completed my taxes.  By the end of the day everything was accepted including 2 state returns and 1 federal.  Afterwards we went to the Farmer’s Market and then down to Finley National Wildlife Refuge.  We walked out on the board walk and met a guy from Salem with a big camera.  He told us about Baskett Slough which we had never heard of before.  Then we went downtown and had our usual weekend lunch at Sada.  Spoke to Mom and Dad in the evening and set up our new Roku device.
Sunday 21
Tai Chi in the morning, Ken and I went for a walk and did our first picking of Nettles.  After going out to the Thyme garden I was pretty sure I had the identification down, and now I am sure I do once again.  Went shopping at the circuit then we went over to Renee’s in the late afternoon and went for a walk around the park.  It was a full moon and Renee showed some cool new spots in the park.  She knows her way around and has done lots of cutting back of black berries.
Monday 22
Did some yard work in the mid afternoon.  Making a garden where the big chip pile is from the trees we trimmed cut down earlier to get rid of the chipmunks in the attic.  Then walked around the park and stopped by Renee’s fire circle.  Ken was the only one there besides Renee.  He we helping get the fire going. As we left everyone else was arriving.
Tuesday 23
We got the Roku device paired with our lap top so we can control which YouTube videos show up on our TV screen.  Went for a walk over to Avery Park and back, we had not done that in awhile.  The weather this week has been gorgeous, really sunny.
Wednesday 24
Walk over to Renee’s late in the day.  Did a fire circle walk at dusk and met Dave’s wife Anna who owns the property next door.  They were out for an evening walk.  She is from Germany.
Thursday 25
Gorgeous sunny day.  Spoke to John Z and Dad this afternoon walking outside.  Then Renee’s party in the evening for her 59th birthday.  It was nice and everyone was at her house.  Its great to be part of a new family.  The last time I was there was in Santa Fe during the ultimate days.  I have arrived in my new home and have been here almost exactly 2 years.
Friday 26
Ken came by at 6PM and we went to see the movie Tiny Houses about none other than Tiny houses which is the current wave in the USA.  So a nice evening was had by all.
Saturday 27
Left here at 7:30AM and arrived at 9:40AM.  After dropping off Hb I drove all the way out to the forest on Wildcat Mtn.  Stark and gorgeous and the clear cutting is unbelievably dark, but good to know about.  I then headed into Sandy and had a piece of fudge at the chocolate store.  Then lunch at the not so great, but not terrible other Thai restaurant in Sandy.  Afterwards I walked on the south end of town and as the day was coming to a close decided to look north.  And that is where turning over rocks continues to count.  I discovered the book over look and was blown away.  I had a nice talk with a neighbor who lived over looking the Sandy River basin and then drove down to Dodge Park.  It was coming time to go pick up Hb and I left Dodge Park excited to be able to come back tomorrow.  Picked up Hb, drove into Portland and had a nice dinner at the Mexican restaurant up the road, we could have walked.  Turns out the Hampden Inn at exit 12 is a nice place to stay.
Sunday 28
Nice breakfast at the hotel.  Dropped Hb off at the workshop and I headed over to Dodge Park down on the Sandy.  I walked around there till about noon and then headed out on Lusted all the way to Gresham.  This gave me the big tour of the area to better understand exactly where Sandy is located.  Afterwards I had a nice lunch at Thai Home.  One of the best Thai restaurants in Oregon that I have been to.  From there I went to the library until it was time to pick up Hb.  We left there about 5:30PM and got home about 7:45PM.  It was a nice weekend.
Monday 29
Phoenix 14th birthday party in the evening.  It was a great party and Lee Miller was there so we hung out with him and he and I spoke some Spanish.


March


Tuesday 01
Swung by the library and dropped off 15 books I had borrowed on England and Spain.  Then our first ever Odd Fellows meeting and it was a doozy.  It was the “short” meeting which took about 90 minutes.  I am not going to be attending too many meetings, but like the folks and am happy to help out where I am able.
Wednesday 02
In the early afternoon I went over to the bank, then hike up on Wytham Hill, then picked up some gas and back home to cut the grass for the first time in 2016.
Thursday 03
A beautiful sunny early spring day in Corvallis.  We went for a walk over to the wetlands and then swung back and hung out with Mindy.  Hb bought Izzy a book so he and she came over to pick up the book and pay us a visit.  Today was the first day in my life that I bonded with Juniper.  Up until this day, I had not really had a clue what she looked like or who she was but today was the first time in my life and her life that we bonded.
Friday 04
Kirtan in the evening, it was a no band week but I got into it tonight.  As I learn the songs more I am enjoying the meditation.
Saturday 05
First stop was the Farmer’s Market.  We hung out with Luke and saw Gail at the end.  Then stopped by TMobile to refill my account.  Then on to Albany and went to Target and then had a nice lunch at La Roca at 1727 SE Hill St.  From there we went to Trader Joe’s and then home.
Sunday 06
Picked up Peter at 10:30AM and went to brunch in Springfield at the Pump House.  Dropped Peter off at home and then went for a walk around the park.  Along the way we saw Tal and Miriam.  We watched some YouTube videos on Girona, Spain which looks lovely.
Monday 07
Walk downtown late in the day and around OSU campus.  Stopped by the library to pick up my book “La Senora Frisby y las ratas de NIMH”.  We saw Celia y Cecilia on the bus ride home.
Tuesday 08
Short walk late in the day around the Crystal Lake block and then spent the evening finally buying my cell phone and also the electrical convertor for our trip to Europe.
Wednesday 09
Hb went to see the Michael Moore film “Where to Invade Next” and I went for a walk during a break in the rain at about 7PM after a long day of work.
Thursday 10
In the early afternoon Hb and I went for a short walk over to the park.  Along the way we ran into Mark Sherman and he told us about his and Karen Mayo’s trip to Vietnam and India.  Again, do not go to India.  Then we picked up 2 chairs and a bike for Izzy across the street from his house.  I cleaned out the dead rat from the shed and cooked some lunch.  In the evening we went to our annual sustainability coalition meeting at the alumni center at OSU.  We hung with Ken Vanderhe, Ken’s friend Ali, and some Oddfellows at their booth.  Upon return I watched the excellent movie “Finding Vivian Maier”.
Friday 11
We were going to go to the Odd Fellows Open House I was too busy cleaning my room at the end of the day in anticipation of our trip to Europe.
Saturday 12
Great party, there were about 30 people there to celebrate Hb’s birthday.  We were all inside.  Tim, Lee, Claude, Phoenix, Naj, Jan, Boyd, Heidi, Bob, Steve, Faith, Sarah, Jay, Wil, Sheri, John, Diane, Mark, Linda Edwards, Ken, Patrick, Mindy, Izzy, 2 babies
Sunday 13
Went over to Wilco to buy some Rat traps and then back to Safeway for Borax and Mint Jelley for the ants.  In the afternoon we went for a walk around the WL loop and spoke Spanish the whole time.  I am learning the Past Progressive in Spanish.
Monday 14
Went to lunch at Healthy Planet.  At 6PM it was raining but we went out for a walk any way.  Soon the sun came out as we were walking around the park in the reverse order.  Coming home we saw Patrick and Izzy and they stopped by so Izzy could pick up his golf ball.  At 8PM I put in a call to Pedro who has been very sick since his return home from Hawaii.  He is mentally now feeling much better witnessed by our two hour phone conversation.
Tuesday 15
Worked all day till 9PM, never left the house.  Not good.
Wednesday 16
Today was a much better day.  Got done with work early and took the bus over to campus and walked out to the very end of Jefferson Way for the first time.  The campus is very nice in the early spring just after daylight savings time starts and the sun is setting.  Walked back through campus and on to the library where I read some books on Spain and then took the 7:25PM bus home and got home before dark.
Thursday 17
In the afternoon I stopped by TMobile to get a new SIM card for my 626 number.  Turns out that was a good choice as otherwise I would not have been able to get up and running on my new phone.  Went for a walk in the OSU forest at the end of the Oak Creek Canyon road.
Friday 18
Hb went to Eugene for a massage and I worked till 2PM and had a nice talk with Dad.  They are coming here in August.  Also, spent more time understanding my new BLU Advance 5.0 phone which I got yesterday in the mail and then went over to TMobile.  The Google Authenticator app, which is the main reason I bought the phone appears to be working really well.  In the evening we went over to Karen and Peter's house and watched a movie about how eating plants is much better than eating meat.  It was our first time at their house and another person by the name of Larry was there as well.  So it was a sweet little intimate group of folks hanging out talking about good food and what is nice to cook.  We got home around 10PM.
Saturday 19
Farmer's Market in the morning, we had a long talk with Wil.  In the afternoon I spread all of the remaining wood chips on the side of the yard.  In the evening we went over to Pedro's to hang out for awhile.
Sunday 20
Mellow day at home.  At 4PM we went over to the UU.  I went for a walk around the block ending up at the top of Witham Hill and back down Circle.  Potluck at the UU.  Ken was there along with Renee and Kathy.  We gave Marjorie, Vernon's exwife from Gambia a ride home.  She is in the band Maya Sole and was in a famous band when she was in her 20's in Gambia.
Monday 21
Oddfellows meeting at 6:30PM with Tim, Phoenix, Lee, John and Bonnie.  It was a cold wet night, but we went for a short walk upon our return.
Tuesday 22
Walk in the afternoon over to Lilly where we picked up a chair and wheeled it home.  Then in the evening we went to Renee's house and got some metal mesh for our fig tree and we walked back home through the back 40 and through the bog of water.
Wednesday 23
Never left the house today a full day of focus on working.  Had a nice talk with John Zeuli.
Thursday 24
Finished up my first major project at Bs on LinksExtractor in concert with ArticleGrabber.  Out for a walk in the park and on the way we had a nice long talk with Vernon in Renee's tree igloo.  Dinner at Del Alma to celebrate our upcoming journey to Europe.
Friday 25
Early morning walk at 6:30AM over to WL and back around to Renee's.  In the afternoon Hb and I did a walk back over to Crystal Lake.  This is only the 2nd time in our life we have walked to the edge of the cemetary and looked over into Crystal Lake.  The first time was yesterday when we were partying and hung out with Vernon in the tree tent on cigam land.  A nice walk is to walk along the lake and then down into the park back around the other side of the lake and back across cigam land.
Saturday 26
Early morning ATM shuttle to figure out how my new ATM card works.  Swing by the bank and the library and meet Hb at the Book bin and did some research on Barcelona.  Then over to the Farmer's Market and out to lunch at Gathering Together.  It was our first time there this year.  Charlotte was there and I had forgotten her name.  Then we went on a hike up at the top of Evergreen.  Back into town and did the shopping route and then came home.  Renee, Kathy, and Andrea were waiting for us and Hb went out for a walk with them.
Sunday 27
Cook all morning, then take a nap.  At 2:30PM Ken arrived at our house and the party started.  Peter got here at 4PM and we had a nice Easter dinner.  We are learning lots of new stuff about our lives, especially how to face yourself in the mirror and continue to change no matter how difficult it might be.
Monday 28
Late in the day Renee came over with Wil and she and I walked back to her house and then I walked around the park north and through the cemetary.
Tuesday 29
Ken got here early and we went for a walk around the short block and spoke to Patrick along the way.  Pot luck at the Oddfellows.  Andrea was there, it was her first time to a potluck.  I did a bunch of dishes and had fun.
Wednesday 30
Walk in the afternoon with Phoenix over to his house, then into park and home.  Along the way we saw Cheryl.  Did some nice cooking and in the evening printed out some stuff for the trip.  It was a gorgeous warm summer like day.
Thursday 31
Peter stopped by around 1PM.  Its his first time going for a bike ride since his departure to Hawaii in mid January.  He has been sick the past couple of weeks since returning, but is back in the saddle now.  Larry Stevens died a few days ago so I have been in contact with David Lawson via email.  The last time he and I spoke was in October of 2013.  Went over to Phil's for the first time and met him.  He is Laughing Star's former husband.  Phoenix was there, along with Lee Miller.  Afterwards we walked home the long way.  Another gorgeous spring day in Corvallis.


April


Friday 01
Another gorgeous sunny 72 degree summer day in Spring.  Hb and I cut the grass and did some yard work.  Spoke to Jan and she invited me to the pot luck tomorrow at her house.  She is doing basket weaving with Hb and Mindy.  In the evening Linda Edwards had an art opening reception at OSU.  They had yummy food.  We went for a walk up 26th and then looped around the athletic fields.  Upon return we hung out with Linda for awhile sitting around a small table in the gallery.  It was a gorgeous evening.
Saturday 02
Went over to Peter's house in the evening and spoke to Diane and Kerry.  Kerry bought a new car.  Earlier in the day I went for a walk across the golf course over to Wake Robin and a bit down the railroad tracks.  On the way I spoke to Stu Cohn on the phone.  Came back home and had a nice lunch at Jan's house.  She was doing a basket weaving party and I talked to Boyd some after lunch.  Then I went over to Bruce and Jude's house at Coho and picked up the thumb drive.
Sunday 03
Move remaining wood chips over to the black berry spot.  Peter came over to hang out with us and Hb and I did a little bit of meditation just before he got here.  First time at Reser stadium to watch the women's Final Four basketball tourney. Hang out at Ken's in the evening.
Monday 04
Worked all day in preparation for the trip, today was my last day of work.  In the evening I went for a short walk around the block and then in the evening finished up the chapter on Barcelona in the Michener Iberia book.
Tuesday 05
Last minute packing.  A potluck dinner / inauguration for Lee Welsh at Odd Fellows.  We had a nice dinner of Tamales.
Wednesday 06
Left for Portland around 9:45AM.  We checked into the Red Lion and then went over to the Alberta street hood and had a nice lunch at the grocery store like whole foods on 33rd and Killingsworth.  Its a good store.  We then walked back to 15th street where our car was parked.  We went back to our hotel.  And around 7PM went for a walk across the street to our normal hang out spot.  On this time the development was just getting started and the trees were down.
Thursday 07
Up at 5:30AM.  Caught a 9AM flight to Seattle.  The flight up was sunny and clear and we flew over Olympia.  Caught our flight to London at about 1:25PM.  Eight and one half hours we landed at Heathrow on British Airways.  I watched the movie the Big Short which was not good.
Friday 08
Arrived London at 6:30AM.  Went through customs, bought our Oyster card and took the Underground to our hotel.  Driving across London was fascinating.  We luckily checked right into our hotel and got a really nice room with 2 beds.  We awoke at 2:15PM, having slept 3 hours and took the Underground over to Russel Square.  We went into the hotel and then had a nice dinner at Cagneys down the street.  From there we walked to the river and saw the sun set over the Thames.  We walked around the Embankment area and then walked towards our hotel walking back to Russell Square and from there took the Underground home.
Saturday 09
Up at 1:15PM.  Had a nice Japanese lunch finishing up around 4PM.  We took bus 43 out to Alexandra Palace and Muswell Hill and met some very nice people on the bus who showed us around the neighborhood.  They have 3 children and are from London.  We walked around for awhile and then took the bus back home and had a nice Indian dinner 2 blocks from our hotel.
Sunday 10
Had our first buffet breakfast at the hotel.  Then walked over to the British musueum via Kings Cross.  British Museum was fantastic.  Lots of Egyptian stuff, followed by a very large book collection by King George III.  We then did a big meander walk over to the National Gallery which was stunning.  We were getting a bit tired so we sat down at the museum for awhile.  Then we went over for a nice Italian dinner and got to get to know the maitre d a bit, he got in trouble for talking to us too long.  Our walk home past Russel Sq topped off another great day in London. 
Monday 11
It was our first rainy day in London so I stayed inside all day and worked.  Around 6PM we went out and had a nice dinner at a Thai restaurant.  It was our first Thai in London.  Then we walked up the street towards Islington cirlce and the whole area of Islington.
This part of town is very nice, and we are very much enjoying being in the big city.
Tuesday 12
Work in the morning followed by Underground south to Bank then transfer over to Westminster.  As we came out of the tube station we were looking at Westminster Abbey.  From there we walked over to Buckingham Palace then over to Hyde Park.  Wow, this is an incredible city.  We stopped by a dish store that had been there since 1845 and the business started in 1827.  Over to Oxford street and took the bus back to the British Museum.  Hb stopped at the Atlantis book store and then we walked home from the Russell Hotel after stopping and picking up another map.
Wednesday 13
First day of work.  Henley gave a great talk.  Nice Thai lunch with the group.  Great dinner downtown near Bank.  We did a group tour on the London Eye up over the city.  Its a big ferris wheel on the Thames.  Stephen Walsh told us the whole story of Ireland, the Irish Civil War and what happened in northern Ireland during the IRA time period.  It was the highlight of the evening hearing about what really happened in Ireland from a local native.  Henley is really nice, I enjoyed meeting him and the rest of the team.
Thursday 14
Another excellent day of team meetings.  In the evening Hb got back from Stonehenge around 5PM and we did a nice early dinner at the Indian restaurant down the street.
Friday 15
Great day at the London Tower with Susan and Henley.  Turned out be fantastic.  We stayed there all day and got home with Henley around 6PM.  In the evening we had a nice dinner at the pub down the street where we had lunch yesterday.
Saturday 16
Mellow day at home.  I went out and got some pies down the street, along with some avacados and yogurt.  We hung out in the room in the afternoon and took a nap.  Really nice dinner with Henley at a Turkish restaurant in the Islington neighborhood.
Sunday 17
Left the hotel at 10:15 and arrived Heathrow 90 minutes later.  Our flight was good and we sat next to Jason from Birmingham.  He works for Pirelli changing tires for race cars.  He looked like Jason and was very nice.  We took Aerobus to Catalunya and switched to the green line to Lesseps.  Got to our place at 7:30PM, got aquainted and then had a nice Turkish dinner down the street.  Our host Paz is very nice.
Monday 18
Full day 1.  I can't tell the difference between Buenos Aires and Barcelona.  We took the subway down to Las Ramblas, changed some money and walked around.  We had a nice Avocado salad for lunch, and Hb had some ice cream.  We got home around 4PM and did some work.  In the evening we went out to buy some groceries and I had rice for dinner at home along with garbanzo beans in a jar.  We had a nice talk with Peter and then Jason.
Tuesday 19
Great talk at lunch across the Argentina street with an older Jewish man who had lived in Davis, California for a number of years.  He was very nice and we had a nice talk with him.  The restaurant was good and friendly.  At 5:30PM we headed over to Park Guell.  We went around to get up there, and then came back down the back side and down the long hilly street back to the bottom.  That view looking up the hill was Park Guell we saw yesterday, and now we confirmed it by walking down it.  We had a great view of Barcelona from the top of the park.  We are having fun here.  I bought some blood sausage for dinner this evening.
Wednesday 20
Monastery of Pedralbes in the late morning.  Stayed there for a few hours, absolutely a stunning place.  We really enjoyed being here.  Monastery was built in 1327.  It was sunny in the plaza of the monastery.  Prior to that we spent time meditating in the catherdral.  From there we went to Sagrada Familia.  And then walked into Barri Gottic.  We had a lovely dinner of Tapas, our best meal in Barcelona.  We had sangria, some yummy potatoes and two different raw fish dishes.  Tuna and salmon.  We then went over to the Cathedral.  Its free after 6PM and then walked through the old town and took the subway home.
Thursday 21
Dry run going to the Bus station on Saturday.  You go to the Arc de Triomf stop.  We bought our bus tickets and then walked around Barri Gottic and had a very nice dinner of paella and a tapas plate.  After dinner we walked over to the mar and sat and watched the people and the birds.  The sun was setting over Mont Juic and it was lovely.  We took the subway home and I bought 2 blood sausages, we are enjoying living in the Gracia neighborhood.  Our trip so far in Barcelona has been lovely.  This is a perfect time of year to be here.  If we came back here again it would hopefully be this time of year.
Friday 22
Learning our way more around the barrio.  Today we discovered Verdi street which is in the heart of the Gracia neighborhood.  We had a nice burger, fries, and salad for dinner.  Afterwards we found a place to buy a stamp and then mailed our letter in this yellow cylinder on the plaza.  We would have never known this was the place to mail letters.  A basic concept, what does a mailbox look like, and you have no clue at all what to look for or where to mail a letter.
Saturday 23
Up early, cleaned the house and left by 9PM.  Caught the 10:45AM bus to Girona.  Arrived into a traffic jam.  Our hotel, the Double Tree is very nice.  We walked towards town, had a nice lunch and took the rest of the day off as it started to rain.  In the evening we went for a walk in the grocery store across the street.
Sunday 24
Major tour of Girona.  Caught an english speaking tour of the old city, then walked along the wall of the old city on the east side.  We caught a great view of Girona.  We heard some music and searched it out.  We hung out in the bar / restaurant where the music was playing for awhile and talked about our lives.  It was a nice sunny day.  Afterwards we walked through the old city and had a nice lunch of wine, ensalada, a salmon dish and postre all for 15 Euro.  In Spain, they like to do the menu of the day.  Afterwards we walked leisurely home and chilled out in the evening.
Monday 25
Great walk up the river towards the hills east of Girona.  We walked quite a distance all the way till the place where the freeway crossed over our path.  Really nice lunch back in town for 15 Euros, including wine, 2 courses, y postre for dessert.  It was an absolutely gorgeous day in Girona, perfect temperature, and sunny.  The end of April is the time to be in Spain.  In the evening, an hour before sun set we walked across the street to check out Aldi's.  We then walked west in an amazing park filled with community gardens fulfilling our desire and trust that Girona is truly a cool place to not only live but visit too.  The location of our hotel is perfect, as its on the edge of both sides of the city.
Tuesday 26
It was a mellow, cloudy day in Girona but we had fun.  In the morning Hb went out for a walk and I stayed home and worked.  In the afternoon we went to the same restaurant we went to yesterday and had a nice meal with wine, 2 courses and postre.  In the evening I went for a walk by myself towards the south of town.  Being back in Spain and Latin America is a nice feeling, and I am getting a good hit about being here again.  It is just part of who I am.
Wednesday 27
Today was cloudy but nice.  Today was a repeat of yesterday.  Same restaurant for our dinner, actually our third day there, and same walk in the evening straight down the road from our hotel and walk for 20 minutes and turn around.  But this morning, while the internet was down, they only change out the internet every couple of years but today was the day.  I went for a walk along the southern border of the park all the way to the small village of Salt which is part of Girona.  Then across the field and back along the dirt road we walked the other night.  They have these old dirt roads here where people have gardens.  The system is called Ruta-Del-Carrilet and the word carrilet means train in catalan.
Thursday 28
Great mid afternoon dinner in the restaurant behind our hotel.  We had paella with our usual afternoon glass of wine and flan for dessert.  Afterwards we walked through the park to the old town.  Then up the hill and around the back side of the wall.  We crossed under the wall and checked out the cool shops in the old city.  Girona is now officially on my list of the top 5 places in the world that I have visited.  Others being Jerusalem and Ashland, OR.  Vail could possibly be on the list along with Camp Walden.
Friday 29
Got up at 8AM and took the bus from Girona to the Barcelona airport.  We had a nice dinner at the hotel and our standard glass of wine of course.  After dinner I went for a walk in both directions from the hotel.  Its a pretty industrial area so I did not go that far.  In one direction towards town is the metro in 1.5km, but I did not make it there.
Saturday 30
Up at 6AM and caught the shuttle to the airport at 7:30AM.  It was raining in Barcelona in the morning and the shuttle dropped us off in the rain and we had to walk across the street.  The weather the evening before was beautiful and we caught a good sunset from our room.  It was the first view we have had since arriving in Europe, so it was nice to see to the west just south of Barcelona.  The wait at the airport was mellow and we had a basic breakfast.  Flight was super, and I got to see the coast of France at the channel and then flying into England saw the other side as well.  The train from Gatwick to London Bridge was quick and we took the subway to the Angel stop.  We got our same room back so we are happy to be back "home sweet home" as Hb says.


May


Sunday 01
Great sunny Sunday.  British Museum, then subway to Cambden Market and had a nice lunch with 2 women.  One was from Australia and reminded Hb of Denise and the other black woman was from France.  We had a nice lunch along with Sweet Potatoe fries and a nice salad in a wrap.  Then took the bus up to Hampstead Heath.  Wow, what a beautiful park.  We sat in the park and watched people playing badmitton.  We walked over to Kenwood house and then along Hampstead Lane to Highgate High and then we walked through Waterlow Park.  We caught the Number 4 bus, but could have walked home 3 miles in one hour.  We had dinner at our favorite Turkish restaurant where we ate last night and then walked home.
Monday 02
Worked early in the morning.  Hb went downstairs for breakfast and brought me back some food.  We walked down to the museum of London and hung out there till about 2PM.  On the way home we stopped off at the Guildhall Library and Art Gallery.  It was a nice, free museum as well.  Went back to the hotel and then at 5PM we went over to have a nice all you can eat buffet of Vegetarian Indian Food.  The proprietor from India has been in business 31 years and gives free food away to the homeless.  The evening ended on some blue sky and sun looking out from our hotel room.
Tuesday 03
Up early, worked until Hb returned from breakfast.  I ate my breakfast in the room and we left our hotel at 11AM.  Got to Heathrow around 12:30PM, checked in, and left at 3PM.  I watched 2 movies on the plane, Spotlight about the pedophile case in Boston and Queen of the Desert with Nicole Kidman.  Arrived Seattle at 5:30PM.  Got through customs quickly, and caught our next flight to Portland on Alaska Air.  They did a great job all around.  The Red Lion picked us up and we were sleeping by around 10PM.  A big day was had by all.
Wednesday 04
First stop after working for a bit at the Red Lion was the Apple store in Tigard then lunch at Hacienda Real in Salem.  Got home and our lawn was mowed.  Unpacked and Pedro came over to hang out for awhile.  I love the clouds and being back home.
Thursday 05
First day back to work.  Henley and I had a talk.  Hb and I went shopping in the afternoon.  In the evening I spoke to Mother and went for a walk around the block with Patrick and Juniper.
Friday 06
Went over to Karen and Peter's house in the evening to watch a documentary called Cowspiracy.  We like hanging out at their house.  In the afternoon, Hb went for a walk with Renie. 
Saturday 07
I usually don't write bad stuff down here, I kind of usually let it slide but this was so bizarre that it has to be logged for the record books.  We just got home from London and so my timing is off.  I got up early this morning around 2AM and was meditating when I heard outside someone yelling really loud Fuck you, Fuck you !  I couldn't figure out where it was coming from.  The yelling continued and then subsided.  The next thing I knew about 10 minutes later was a guy in our back yard banging on our atrium windows saying "I want to kill you".  At that moment I woke Hb up and we got dressed and ran outside.  Patrick and Jay were out there and we went over to Mindy's house and she called 911.  The police arrived and we told them what was up.  The poor guy sat against the back of my car and was interviewed by the police.  He was on some bad drugs.  Eventually, they took him away.  Hb was able to analyze the message here pretty well.  But the bottom line is to be present in your body and be in continual appreciation of where you are at.  This is in relation to my tale from the other day on the plane ride home with Nicole Kidman being out in the desert for many years being lost of who she was and what she really wanted out of her life.  Farmer's market in the morning.  Pedro came over in the afternoon and we hung out.  Afterwards I planted some vegetables in the back garden and then we went to Linda Edward's birthday party at Coho.  It was a nice evening and we cooked sausages on the BBQ.  Phoenix, Naj, Johng and Reenie were there along with the Coho crowd.  I did dishes and helped clean up.
Sunday 08
Ken came by around 7:45AM.  Tai Chi followed by walk in the Cigam land park for nettles.  Worked in the afternoon and then we went to Sunbow Farm with Linda and Ken and Peter.  They have a really nice operation going, and it was my first time to Harry's farm.
Monday 09
Cut the side grass in the afternoon without the bag.  Went over to the Subaru dealership to test drive the car.  Boyd and Jan came over in the evening to discuss the event that happened Saturday morning.
Tuesday 10
Went for a walk over to the park in the afternoon.  It was our first walk together and my first walk since returning from Europe last Wednesday evening.  We went to our first Tuesday afternoon Farmer's Market and got some tamales.  We met Dan's mom who was visiting from Indiana.
Wednesday 11
Hb went to Eugene for a massage and to buy some oatmeal at Sundance.  In the evening Ken came by with some plants and Patrick stopped by with Juniper.  Juniper liked seeing Ken.  Then we went for a walk around the block.  We got a new window next to Hb's office so I paid her for half of it which was around $250. 
Thursday 12
In the morning I went to pick up some millet, tofu and tamari at the COOP.  In the evening, Patrick came over and we hung out with Juniper.  Hb cut the rest of the grass today.
Friday 13
Walk in the afternoon over to the library.  I found a cell phone along the way and turned it into the leasing office.  Andy came over for dinner.  He arrived this afternoon at the Eugene airport and Peter picked him up.
Saturday 14
Famer's Market in the morning.  It was raining, but I had fun any way.  I stopped by the bank first then swung by and got a water mellon plant and some spinach and chard.  Peter came by our house and we went to Gathering Together and hung out there till after closing.  We took Andy on a little drive around Philomath and then came home.  I spent the rest of the day working outside getting the big side yard crop circle filled with winter squash seeds.  It was a slight drizzle most of the time after a big rainy night and day at the Farmer's Market but it was perfect conditions for planting seeds by hand outside.  Stay tuned as the summer progresses on how the plants are doing.  I also planted the water mellon plant I got today.
Sunday 15
Went to see Alice and Wonderland at the Majestic Theatre.  In the evening Patrick came over with his nephew Noah to do some planting in the back corner.  We hung out for awhile and celebrated the new plants going into the ground and recalled the event of about a week ago and how it affected the hood.
Monday 16
Went for a walk in the evening and stopped by Andy and Peter's on the way home to chat.
Tuesday 17
Hb went to the coast with Andy and Peter and I stayed home.  In the evening we went to the Tuesday market to pick up some tamales and then headed over to the Third Tuesday Odd Fellows meeting.  It was our first meeting since returning from Europe and Lee was bummed out that we didn't go to OddFellows in London.
Wednesday 18
Hb, Andy and Pedro went to Mary's Peak for a drive.  They left at 2PM and were home by 4PM.  Spoke to John Zeuli and Tessie, who is breast cancer and Rand later in the day.  Both Peter's mom and Tessie both got breast cancer this year.  In the evening, Hb and I went for a walk around the block.
Thursday 19
Hb went to the cemetery to work on the head stones.  I stayed home and worked.  In the afternoon I did some cooking and took out the trash for tomorrow.  We were going to go for a walk in the evening but it was too chilly.
Friday 20
Walk at 6:30AM.  It was my first early morning since coming back from Europe and only my 2nd big walk since returning 2 weeks and 2 days ago.  I guess 2's are popular in this post.
Saturday 21
Farmer's Market in the morning.  Martin, Jessica, Max, Pedro, and Andy came for lunch.  Went for a walk to the end of the WL trail.  Nice lunch.  After lunch we took them downtown and around the university.  In the evening we went over to Cigam land for a beatufiful glorious drumming circle.
Sunday 22
Went up to Monmouth to visit our neighbor Steve's university.  Hung out in the library.  Lunch at Sada in Corvallis.  Allergies / cold forced us home and in bed for the rest of the day.
Monday 23
Had a cold so stayed home all day and worked.
Tuesday 24
Peter and Andy came over in the afternoon and we hung out.  Hb cut the grass.
Wednesday 25
Went over to buy gas for the lawn mower and changed the oil with Hb upon our return.  We also cleaned out the air filter.  So the idea is to change the oil once a year in the spring, especially check it to see how clean or dirty it is.  In the evening we went to the UU and hung out with 2 rabbis talking.  Afterwards we ate cookies and talked to Will Werner.  I finally learned his last name.
Thursday 26
Hb and I went downtown and I bought new tires.  We went out to lunch at the Indian restaurant and then walked over to the big lawn at OSU.
Friday 27
Spent all day upgrading both our computers to El Capitan.  Got Hb's machine up and running and then got her machine up and running as a backup development machine.  Then I did my machine.  At 8PM they were both done, so we are good to go until next year.  Todo bien.  In the morning Boyd came over and we hung out for a bit and talked about life.  Hb, Pedro, and Andy went to Eugene to show Andy around the area south of here.
Saturday 28
Farmer's Market after breakfast at Gathering Together.  Ken, Andy, Peter come over for dinner after positioning the new statue, number 2.
Sunday 29
Andy and I went for a walk at the end of Airport Road.  Naj and Phoenix party in the afternoon.  In the evening I tried to help them with their computer.  We had a great party.
Monday 30
In the morning I got the west garden ready to plant to Yacon we got from Linda Sebring at Naj's party yesterday.  Peter picked us up at 1PM and we went to Tyee.  I went for a walk around the block with Hb and then with Andy.  It was a "perfect" day there.  At the end of the day after most people had left I listened to the final couple of songs.  Delbert was there dancing and we saw Gary and Linda from Albany from Albuquerque.  In the evening I went back over to Peter's to hang out with Andy and watch game 7 of the basketball game.  Afterwards we hung out with Andy.  We had a great trip with him.
Tuesday 31
Hb went to lunch with Andy and Peter at the southtown middle eastern restaurant.  Andy came over around 3PM and we hung out in the garage talking for about 2 hours.  He was taking the shuttle this evening to Portland at 6PM, and catching the red eye back to Chicago at 11:30PM this evening.  He had a good trip and got all the info he needs to know about living out here in OR.  A good journey was had by all.  Odd Fellows 5th Tuesday pot luck in the evening.  Ken, Phoenix, Tim, Johng and Reenie were there.  Afterwards we went for a little walk along the river.  Came home and did some watering.  Its not getting dark till about 10PM.


June


Wednesday 01
Farmer's Market around noon followed by a stop at TJ's. Hb went to see a movie and I worked until her return.  In the evening we did our walk to the end of the trail at WL.
Thursday 02
Called USAA to turn on car insurance for new car.  Long talk with Scott at the end of the day.  He just got back from a month long journey to visit Erin for her wedding up in the woods of BC.  Quite the story, Scott and I bonded last night in a spiritual way.  Quite beautiful.  If you live long enough in life, all of the planted flowers blossom.
Friday 03
Work till 3PM, then went up to Salem to pick up our new car from John Ericksen at AAA.  Drove home afterwards.  Pedro came over to check out our new car and we hung out for awhile.  He is thinking of selling his farm land in Silver City now that Doug has moved on from farming and is working at the COOP.  Mindy stopped by with the kids and we discussed her concept of possibly working full time.
Saturday 04
Walk early in the morning around the park.  Head to the coast and hang out at River's Edge along the way.  It is just before the turn off to Lobster Valley.  Big walk in Waldport up the hill in the forest between the subdivision and the coast.  Walk south on south beach to where there were no people.  Lunch at the Thai restaurant in the harbor area.  Ice cream after dinner.  Got home around 7PM.  It was our first day driving the car.
Sunday 05
Cook pizza dough followed by Thai Chi.  Ken and I hung out and swung by Mushroom's house.  The Capula's Mushroom and Linda.  Then headed over to their farm on Hwy 34.  Got some sweet potatoe starts and rapped for awhile with mushroom.  Then back home and Ken and I chilled in the garage.  Long talk with Peter about Doug buying the farm.  Then cooked some dishes for dinner.  Then planted the sweet potatoe starts I got earlier in the day.  Boyd and Jan came over for dinner, and it was so nice we sat outside and had a beautiful dinner.
Monday 06
At 6PM we went to the art reception at OSU on Agriculture Paintings, afterwards we did our nice walk at OSU.  Came home and planted some plants Ken brought us last evening.
Tuesday 07
Day1 of current sugar boycott.  Skipped Southtown Market to keep working and then went for a walk at 8:30PM.
Wednesday 08
Early morning walk.  Saw Gail in the park who was waiting for TaiChi with Issac Stern.  The weather shifted today from hot back to normal 70 degrees and cloudy.  I like this much better than hot summer sunny days, its the change that is so lovely.  In the afternoon I walked down to the library and got a book on Thailand and followed up with some research in the evening on Southeast Asia including Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam.  Note, this is my first ever reference of looking into SE Asia.  Up until this point in my life I have NEVER entertained the idea of going to that part of the world.  So today, is the first.  In the evening I went over to Pedro's to watch game 3 of the NBA finals.  The Cavs beat the Warriors.  Also, discussed with Peter his deal with Doug re: the farm in Silver City.
Thursday 09
Kirtan in the evening at Janet's yoga studio.  It was a guest band that comes to Corvallis once per year.  The acoustics in that room are not that great but towards the end I was able to overlook the sound and get into the music.
Friday 10
Talk with Henley at 8AM.  The Vbulletin code is finally up and running.  Bank to deposit Hb check from car.  Hang at home the rest of the day.  Long talk with M/D and Sima, Tessie, Rand.  Tessie has her cancer surgery 1 week from today at Ana Caseman.
Saturday 11
Left the house at around 9AM and had a nice lunch at New Season's close to Camas in Washington.  Prior we went into Wilsonville and went to the end of the road at Hebb Park.  This is close to where Wil lives.  After lunch went to Steigerwald Lake National Wildlife Refure with Lisia, Jeff, Alona and Giada.  Nice dinner with them at Mexican.  After dinner we hung out with them at their house on their balcony overlooking the river.  They have a nice spot and they and the kids are great folks.
Sunday 12
Breakfast at the hotel.  Great hike up on Powell Butte with stellar views of Mt. Hood.  It was a perfect weather day.  We hiked down to the Springwater Corridor through an old growth forest and then headed off to New Season's in Happy Valley.  We got home about 30 minutes before going to Cheryl's for the Garden Potluck.  It was a great night at her house and I wrapped with JohnG and met a new person from London by the name of Jeremy.
Monday 13
In the afternoon we harvested fava beans.  Hb had already grabbed the stocks and I took the beans off the stocks and put them in a bag and the blue oblong bucket.  In the evening we went over to Peter's to watch the Cavs beat the Warriors to get an extra game to play on Thursday evening.
Tuesday 14
I got married 29 years ago today, next year it will be 30 years.  Which makes sense because I lived in NM for 26 years and moved there when I was 26 and about 3 years have passed since we moved to OR for the first time to live in Peter's house.  In the afternoon we went over to the Tuesday market and hung out with Luke.  I had a nice talk in Spanish with Cecilia.  We told her a bit about our journey to Spain and we talked about Venezuela.  We harvested our garlic today.  A big week for harvesting as yesterday was the fava beans.
Wednesday 15
Work outside in late afternoon till dark.  Talked to our neighbor Jen about me stealing her grass.  I was getting some of her hay clippings for our compost heap as she had a tractor come through the other day and cut down her big grass mess.  She is going to extend her back yard and take down her picket fence and put a lawn where the swimming pool is located.  Also cut back the black berries and poison oak.  It was my first major cutting of the spring and it needed chopped down and back.  A gorgeous evening cool and in the low 60s.
Thursday 16
Game 6.  The Cavs blew out the Warriors.  Peter and I hung out watching the 2nd half of the game and then I stayed at his house to 10:30PM rapping.  It was a gorgeous night on the walk home.  The Hawaiian neighbors were having a party across the street from Peter's.  They seem like pretty cool people.
Friday 17
Early morning standard walk.  The standard walk as of this writing is out to the end of WL and swing back through the park and back through Coho.  Saw Christine on the way home.  She missed the pot luck the other night and we discussed her son Kai growing sunflowers for the birds.
Saturday 18
Farmer's Market, bought some food for the pot luck today at Beth's.  Weather was variable with rain through out the day.  But by the time we got out to Beth's it was gorgeous.  Pot luck was lovely.  Went for a hike up in the Starker Forest.  Had a nice chat with Paul and Nonie.  In the afternoon I did some cooking for the pot luck and planted the Yacon I bought at the market today.
Sunday 19
Home Depot for hardware cloth, lunch at Healthy Planet followed by grocery route.  In the evening we watched the Cavaliers beat the Warriors in Game 7 down the to the buzzer.  Lebron James got most valuable player.  We stayed at Peter's house to almost 11PM rapping and having fun.
Monday 20
Cigamland for a solstice fire gathering, played with Holly's son Kao.  It was the first time I met him.  Vernon told me about claves.  It was a gorgeous night.  Mars was in the south sky and the winds died down.  We got home after 11.
Tuesday 21
Watered outside in the mid afternoon.  Farm stand followed by long walk with Reenie to the end of WL.  Stopped by the solstice pot luck party on Alexander in the orange house.  They have an L shaped back yard which is very large.  There was music going on.  I only stayed for a minute.  Luckily the food was gone.  Earlier in the afternoon I spoke to Elizabeth.  She is heading off to Penn in a few weeks for a one year master's degree in elementary education.  I also had a nice talk with Iris as well.
Wednesday 22
Grass Roots Books for a book signing with the author of McCallandia Bill C Hall who is also a county commisioner of Lincoln County.
Thursday 23
Drive with Lee and Kathy to Lebanon for a pot luck inauguration.  It was our first time to the lodge in Lebanon.  We got home around 10:30PM.
Friday 24
England votes to leave the EU.  Walk / run for the first time this year.  Just out in the grass of WP Soccer fields.  Plant some tomatoes in the garden afterwards.  Hb cleans up garlic and we store away in a box for eating and planting in the autumn.
Saturday 25
Early morning I went over to the north coop to buy buns for the party tonight.  Then stopped by TJs for a watermellow and on to the Farmer's Market.  Peter picked us up at 11:30AM and Ken, Pedro, Hb and I went out to Inavale Farm.  I walked the perimeter of the property up to the woods.  Got home around 3PM and readied for the pot luck tonight with Pedro, Patrick, and Mindy.  It was a gorgeous night.  At the end I took Izzy for a walk across the field and back around to Bell.  It was a perfect night for a pot luck and Patrick stayed till 9PM hanging with us rapping about life.
Sunday 26
Inavale Farm.  Hb and I walked the whole place into the woods.  It was glorious.  We talked to Cheri from NM about seeing her July 17 for lunch in Lincoln City.  We drove back into town and hung at Central Park the whole afternoon till 5PM for the Hours Exchange event.  Ken was there selling seaweed.  We did our lunch at Healthy Planet and I dropped some books off at the library to ready for our journey south next week to the Bay area for Angie and Laurie's wedding next weekend July 8 and July 9.
Monday 27
In the evening we went for a walk and looked at a real crappy house on Mayberry with a wetlands in the back.  I walked back to the fence line just to check it out.  It was selling for $185K which at the current time is very over priced.  In the future when you read this you might say while that is really cheap.
Tuesday 28
Hang with Luke at the Tuesday Market and clean up at the end of the day.  I had a long talk with Mahogany about mushrooms and met his partner Sole.  Afterwards Hb and I went for a short walk around the block.  Earlier in the day Hb went to Salem to see Caroline King.
Wednesday 29
Walk at the end of the day.  Hb went downtown to hear a talk on Nutrition at GrassRoots.  I went on 2 walks one before Hb came home and another with her.  Spending time in the evening watering the garden, reading my Machado book and enjoying my favorite time of year.
Thursday 30
Final day of part I.  From here we will rename this to be part I and move on to the next 6 month journey.  Ken came over in the evening to talk to Hb about watering and he and I hung out till we were able to see Mars in the southern sky.  It cools off at night in the evening and tonight was no different.
2016 part II


July


Friday 01
Hb went to Eugene to get a massage.  I went for a short walk early in the morning and then spoke to Henley about a code review for the Vbulletin V3 parser and other stuff.  Also talked to Joe P, he is coming down here on Sunday for the day.  He just recently moved to OR.  Long talk with John Z and Pedro.  Kirtan in the evening.  Weather has been perfect in OR.  I love summer.
Saturday 02
Farmer's Market in the morning.  We went out to lunch with Pedro at Gathering Together.  In the evening Peter came over and we watch an hour long show about Sufism and their music.
Sunday 03
Joe P came by around 10:30AM.  We hung out for awhile.  Went for a walk in the park.  Had a nice lunch at home and then chilled out in the afternoon.  Around 5Pm we went downtown to listen to some 4th of July weekend music.  We came home around 8PM and Joe went back to his camping spot.
Monday 04
First time out to Alsea Falls.  Went for a hike when we got there, and then afterwards sat around on our chairs, read our books till about 4PM.  We got home at 5PM.
Tuesday 05
Walk over to the Tuesday Market in the evening around 7PM.  Hang out with Dan who was rounding up his son John.  Talked to Otmar about his new Tesla project.  Pedro arrived and we headed down to Cigamland.  It was Peter's first time down there.  Johng discussed a men's group with us and then we went back home and I talked to Peter in his car till dark.  Johng and Laughingstar stopped by to pick up a book.  Peter and I had a great talk about Joe P who was just here the other day and strategies around quieting people down when blabber is common for defense mechanisms for all of us, re: you know who.
Wednesday 06
Worked till 10:30AM.  Left then, and got to Grants Pass at 2:30PM.  Gas in Junction City at Safeway.  Lunch at a beautiful rest stop on I5 north of Roseburg.  We checked into the Phoenix Motel, which is great !  Then on to Ashland and parked in front of our house.  Dinner at the Gluten Free Pizza place, then on to COOP to buy some bread.  We walked around Ashland afterwards, heard a salsa band in front of the Shakespeare theatre and meandered on home.  A good time in Ashland was had by all.
Thursday 07
Breakfast at Morning Glory.  We got one breakfast and split it.  From here we drove to Mt. Shasta the town and walked around.  We went into the COOP.  Kathy called to check if we could give Miller Williams a ride south, but the bus already left.  We drove straight to Williams.  Ate some dinner in our room and then went to get tacos down the street at the Taco stand.  Had a long talk with a guy from Canada who was down in the states for a couple of weeks.  His name was Ross and he was born in 1960 too.  He was a whacko and I liked him.  I love being in the desert, it feels good to me.
Friday 08
Drive to Patty's house.  Got there pretty early after a nice breakfast and walk around Calistoga.  Dropped off our stuff at Patty and Norm's then drive into town.  We walked around Tiburon and Belvedere and up to the top of the hill overlooking Berkeley, Oakland.  The day was perfect.  We had a nice dinner at Luna Blu and afterwards Laurie and Anjie showed a beautiful video about their life.  The drive home was bit hairy but we made it unscathed.
Saturday 09
Early morning walk up Spring Mountain Park.  Drive into the Bay area for the wedding and hang out at Whole Foods.  Wedding was lovely up on a high hill overlooking the north Bay, Oakland and the city.  Hung out with Charles Allison who was at the wedding.  Got home just as the sky turned completely dark.
Sunday 10
Hike with Patty and Hb up Moore Creek Park.  In the afternoon we hung out at their house and chilled out.  We had a nice Hamburger BBQ with wine and corn on the cob.  Norm is a good cook.  Afterwards we went over to his office to fix the speed of his trackball on his mouse. 
Monday 11
Left Patty's at 9:20AM and arrived Pat's around 11:30AM.  We went the back way on Hwy 128 and into Davis and then south one exit to I80.  Lunch with Pat and Jamie at a nice mom and pop coffee shop.  Hang with Pat at her house in the afternoon.  Pauline's birthday is on Nov 26.  Drive out to Jessica and Carol's house.  Dinner at a small Mexican restaurant in Lincoln City.  Over to their house to chat and go swimming.  A good day was had by all in Sacramento.
Tuesday 12
Hang at their house all day and had hamburgers for dinner.  In the afternoon I went swimming.  At dusk I went for a short walk in their hood.
Wednesday 13
Drive from their house to a nice breakfast at the Waffle Barn in Yuba City.  Then across Hwy 20 to the 101.  North on 101.  Stopped off in Willets at the COOP.  Then on to our campsite at Hidden Valley in the Humboldt State Forest on the Ave of the Giants.  Went for a walk after dinner up the hill.
Thursday 14
Drive from our campsite to a nice Japanese lunch in Fortuna.  Earlier we walked around the Founder's Grove redwood forest.  Aferwards went for a walk along the beach in Manilla, which is between Eureka and Arcata.  Checked into our Hotel Arcata on the plaza and had a salad for dinner at the Wild Blueberries up on the hill.
Friday 15
Walked up the hill to Wild Blueberries to pick up the car.  Packed things up and then had a nice breakfast at the creperia, I had the mashed potato crepe.  Then we drove around town, picked up gas and headed north.  Our first stop was to hang out on the Klamath river.  We were there for about one hour watching the birds fly over head and looking at the beauty in the moment.  We had been wondering where this magnificent water flowed into the Pacific and here we were.  We drove to the Jedediah Smith State Forest and they were full and then up a 7 mile road to a place infested with mosquitos and then found out Harris Beach State Park campground was full too so we settled on the Spindrift which turned out to be very nice.  Hb and I walked towards town and she turned back and I headed over to the bridge and back on 101.  The journey is winding down, we have been gone since Wednesday last and the weekend is our final part. 
Saturday 16
Breakfast in Brookings at the Pancake House voted the best breakfast in 2016.  Its on the corner as you come into town and is called Mattie's Pancake House.  Afterwards we headed north, first stop being Gold Beach where the Rogue River enters the sea.  We parked on the north side of the jetty and I walked out to the end.  It was windy.  From there we hit a State Park at the base of Mount Humbug.  Then on to Port Orford for the Farmer's Market and a meeting with Jordan who I bought blueberry and cranberry bars for a buck a piece.  He moved here in 2010 from South Dakota and is a lifetime member of Tilth.  I told him we know Harry.  From there we went to the famous estuary.  Hb loved it, it was her first time there and my second.  Onto check in at the Red Lion in Coos Bay and dinner at a yummy German restaurant in town down the street.  Afterwards I drove Hb around the hood on the top of the hill.
Sunday 17
Final day of vacation.  Up at around 5AM, left Coos Bay at 6:40AM.  First stop was for breakfast in Florence at the natural grocery restaurant just on the other side of the bridge on the left side headed north.  We had blueberry gluten free pancakes, eggs, and they did our toast.  I also ate the leftovers from yesterday.  From there we went on to the Farmer's Market in Yachats where we walked around and chilled for awhile.  Then on to Seal Rock to check it out.  Between there and South Beach are some great beaches and parking places.  Got to the restaurant in Lincoln City called the WildFlower Grill and hung there for about an hour until they arrived, George and Cheri Koinis that is.  We had a great lunch and Hb and I payed.  George turned me on to his radio show ideas and we had fun chatting the afternoon away.  They are good people and hanging out with our old neighbors from Placitas was great.  From there we went on to Fred Meyer and Hb bought some chocolate ice cream.  We shared it and I put my peach from the Farmer's Market in there with the remaining ice cream.  We then walked along the beach at Nye Beach and drove home, getting home around 7PM.  Spoke to Bob about the 12 days we missed and caught up with Pedro on the phone.  It was a great trip and I am glad to be home.  No plans to go any where for a number of months.  I am now home.  When we returned from London and Barcelona this trip was on my mind.  But its great to have a clean slate with no plans anytime soon.  Todo bien.
Monday 18
First day back to work.  In the afternoon we went food shopping.  In the evening we did some yard work including picking up the fallen walnuts.
Tuesday 19
Peter came over in the early afternoon to say hi and hang out for a bit.  I was working when he first arrived but cleared off some stuff and was able to talk with him for awhile outside.  We discussed Trump and the article in the New Yorker by the guy who ghost wrote with him the art of the deal.  Tuesday market.  Hang out with Luke, Lion.  When we got home we talked to Mindy, yesterday was her birthday, born July 18, 1977 so she is 39.  Came home and ate our pollo tamale.
Wednesday 20
Do some outside work in the evening, it was a gorgeous night.  Just a tinge of autumn is in the air.
Thursday 21
Peter picked us up at 9:30AM and we went to pick blueberries at Andrea's farm out in King's Valley.  Got back home around 1:30PM and worked till 7PM.  Renee and Kathy came over to hang out with Hb while she was processing some blueberries.  Ken picked 7 buckets, I picked 6 buckets, Hb and Pedro both picked 4 buckets.
Friday 22
Peter stopped by in the evening and we hung out in the garage.  Patrick came over too and he had an updraft to liven up our gathering thanks to Hb.  Summer is glorious in OR and tonight defined the moment of summer.  At 8AM in the morning I had a talk with Henley regarding Vbulletin crawler.
Saturday 23
In the morning I did a bunch of stuff including putting my new OR license plate sticker on my plate, I had been trying to do this for quite some time.  Ate food, then went for a run in the park.  It was my first time running along the river in the forest this year.  I am making some progress on this front.  Then Hb and I went to the market and bought corn for the first time.  Lunch at Gathering Together.  Hung out there till 3PM, love that spot.  Then Bruce Starker Park for some music and hang out with Ken, Kathy, Wil and Mark Sherman who wants to invite us to their house for dinner.
Sunday 24
Made reservations to go to Florida in late January.  Big bike ride in the morning with a serendipitous meeting with the owner, Debbie, of the Mary's River Golf Course.  In the evening we went to Coho for Susan Hyne's going away dessert party.
Monday 25
Meeting with Debbie Solfich of the Marysville Golf Course at 4:30PM.  Earlier in the day I had a long talk with our neighbor Helen.  She is 84 and bought her house 30 years ago for 35K.  Then talked to Boyd, I am going to help him on Sunday move a piano.  Patrick came over in the evening and we talked about Klamath Falls as a cool town.
Tuesday 26
Armin and Sophia came over in the morning for their bikes.  We hung out for a bit and then they went off for a ride.  In the evening we hung out with them till late.  We had a really nice campfire.  Hb went home at dark and then Pedro, Armin and I hung out in front of the fire longer and bonded.  For years I have been hearing about Armin from Pedro and now I have finally got to hang out with him.  I met him when he and Sarah first started going out, and we had never met again until this evening.  He is a great guy, and Hb feels the same way.  Its all about the people in your life, and that is why I decided yesterday to not only fly to Florida this winter but also to go back to Pittsburgh in October.  To continue to meet my familial obligation and hang out with two people whom I love the most, my parents.
Wednesday 27
Walk run in the morning.  Saw Ken on the way home at the Bell path and we chatted for awhile.  Hb went to Yoga for the first time in awhile.  We went over to Kerry and Diane Young's house for dinner and had "cocktails" and other cocktails and burgers, potato salad, Hb Kale salad, ice cream, and peach cobbler.  Yummy, and a yummy night too.  It was our first time to their house for dinner, and it was excellent.
Thursday 28
Walk early in the morning, I have been doing this the past couple of days.  In the evening we went over to Peter's to get our bikes.  Armin and Sophia borrowed them the other day when they were in town.  Michael Jordan stopped by and we chatted till after dark on the driveway.  It was the first time I had a real talk with him one on one.  He was married to Joan for 20 years.
Friday 29
Did some major weeding of the sweet potatoes and jacon.  There was grass everywhere embedded in the plants.   In the morning I went for a walk out to Finley.  I got there at 7AM and was home by 9AM.  It is a 20 minute drive out there door to door and for the 2nd time I did the Mill Hill trail loop.  The first time was with Boyd over one year ago.
Saturday 30
Eugene Farmer's Market.  Drove out Peoria road and through Halsey to I5.  We hung out having coffee at 5th St market.  We saw Lee Miller at the market and had lunch at our favorite Indian restaurant next to Sundance.  On the drive home via Coburg Road for the first time we stopped off in Harrisburg by the river and sat for a couple of hours watching people float down the river and walk their rafts by up stream to do it again.  At home, I went over to Ken's house to hang out until dark.  Prior we made a plane reservation for Jason to come visit us at the end of August just after my parents leave.
Sunday 31
Walk in the evening along the cemetary route above Crystal Lake.  We sat on the bench looking out to the west for awhile and just loved each other.  From there we walked down to the dock and watched a boat pull in and some paddle boarders meander on home.  It is summer here in Corvallis, and every moment is precious.  Remember this, and continue to flourish in it.  Stopped by Renee's and saw Holly and Koa.  Then on to Naj and Phoenix house for about one hour.  Their garden is plentiful and lush.  Earlier in the day I borrowed Boyd's ladder and was up on the roof fixing a minor hole knawed by chipmunks last winter.  Also helped Boyd, along with Bob and Patrick's help, move a piano from his house into his van.  Earlier in the day we made a bunch of hotel reservations for the plane reservations we made earlier in the week.


August


Monday 01
Went to get gas for the lawnmower and stopped by TJ's to pick up a watermellon.
Tuesday 02
Long talk with Byron at the COOP early in the morning on 29th.  Hb dropped me off at 7AM and I walked across campus and over there.  On the way home I stopped off and got some apples on Park and Thompson.  In the evening bought 2 huge boxes of apples for $15 from Joan's orchard.  Michael and Cheryls were the brokers.  We went to Dave and Nancy's Root Beer float party with Ken.  We met Karen who grew up in Corvallis and moved away.  Ken had a bit of a run in with her, but it was all good.  In the afternoon I spoke to Pedro about Steph possibly moving out to Hawaii.
Wednesday 03
Dealt with apple processing this morning by digging up some more garden on the west side of the property next to Sarah and Jay's house and throwing apples in the ground for compost.  Went over to Jan and Boyd's house to check on their fruit trees. Next week they are going out of town and Boyd wanted to show me around on how to deal with their fruit that falls on the ground.
Thursday 04
Early dinner in Albany at La Roca.  The best item to get there is the Fajitas.  Afterwards we walked around the hood just south of downtown and spoke to a lady who has lived there for 12 years.  We walked around an old property that was in earlier days the town dump.
Friday 05
Brought all the apples inside and put them in the fridge.  Talked to Jude first thing in the morning.  We need to send out an email asking people if they want to continue doing the winter talks.  Did another round of apple sauce.  This is my third batch in 3 days.  Talked to Mom and Dad in Anchorage.  They arrived there this morning around 1AM after a 5.5 hour flight from Minnespolis.
Saturday 06
Earth Rising party in the evening.  Did a tour of Lee and Jackie's new yurt, Sole and Mahagoney's hobbit house and played drums with the boys late into the night.  We love their annual event.  Earlier in the day we went to the Farmer's Market, I bought some $2 bills at the bank and we split a lunch at the broken yolk.
Sunday 07
Drove on Hwy 34 to Yachats.  I had a great walk on the beach.  Discovered a 7 mile beach from Yachats to Waldport that is simply lovely.  Dinner with Peggy and Bob at the fish restaurant then drove home via Newport.  Got home just at dark.  The timing was perfect.  Bob is an interesting guy who builds and deploys back up generator jet engine turbine systems to different companies who buy that stuff.  They were a spinoff of Ingersol Rand.
Monday 08
Eight eight party at Cheryl and Michael's house.  I finally know Steve's name, who is their housemate.  Otmar had on a really cool black hat and had just done a trip down to the Bay area in a Tesla he is going to remodel.
Tuesday 09
Hang out with Cecelia at the Farmer's Market, then over to Renee's to hear JohnG, Byron and Vernon jam.  It was their first Tuesday afternoon Jam session.  Peter came over too.  Met Celia's husband Pablo as we were walking home from the Jam session at Renee's.  It was our first time officially meeting him.
Wednesday 10
Did my big walk in reverse at 6:30PM by myself.  See Michele notes on separate topic.
Thursday 11
Major spiritual walk by myself on Cardwell Hill.  Afterwards Hb and I hung outside as it was a hot summer evening and we enjoyed the beauty of our place.
Friday 12
Hb and I went swimming at the pool.  We swam a bunch of laps and then I went down the slide about 8 times.  It was a gorgeous afternoon.  Ken stopped by with some dried pears and I gave him some nice tomatoes.  In the evening I went to Kirtan and Hb went to Gloria's house.  Linda Edwards was at Kirtan and I spoke to her for awhile afterwards.
Saturday 13
Saturday Market, we did the Odd Fellows water.  Tim met us at 9:30AM and Lee finished us off at 1PM.  A good time was had by all.  Hb went out to Alsea Falls by herself for Kathy Miller's birthday which is today.  At 7PM I went over to Pedro's by myself to discuss the weeks events about Hb and me.  Was at his home till about 11PM.  It was a warm balmy night in Oregon and Pedro and I bonded about life, thoughts, and conversation.
Sunday 14
Made 2 apple crisps.  Potluck at Steve and Beatrice's house.  Had a nice talk with Harry and Lee Miller.  Linda Edwards and Ken went along and we hung out at Belfountain Park before the potluck.
Monday 15
Walk with Mark around the park.  We hooked up in front of Mark Sherman's house and did the big loop.  In the evening on my solo walk I talked to someone else who cheered me up and made me appreciate it all.
Tuesday 16
At 7AM I boarded a bus going downtown.  Got off on Western and 8th and walked around that neighborhood.  Along the way I had a nice pear which are in season right now.  We have lots of apples and pears at home, and having a nice fresh pear early in the morning literally made my day.  I popped into the Valley Library and had a notion that I better get home.  I was on the 8:15AM bus home.  Was home by 8:40 AM and by 9AM James and Henley had me on the phone and I was fired from BuzzSumo and off the phone in less than 5 minutes.  It was as quick as that.  Luckily I trusted my instinct when I was in the library and got home ASAP.  I was going to hang out in the library for awhile and read but something told me to go home.  I was ready to be fired.  Yesterday was not a good day as I knew something was up.  In fact, I knew something was up for awhile.  Afterwards I talked to M & D and then Hb and I were off to Eugene.  I walked up Lincoln Ave, read my book Palace Walk for awhile under a tree and met Hb by 3PM for a nice lunch at Sundance.  Afterwards we stopped by the park in Harrisburg, checked out the local Thai restaurant which we discovered and then headed back to Corvallis to attend our local Odd Fellows Meeting where I reported on my progress on the FB page which I finished off a few days back.
Wednesday 17
Today was my first full free day as yesterday I got fired.  In the evening Hb and I went for a walk and talked to Lee who also showed up for Renee's full moon fire circle a day early.  Today was a bit intense as I flesh out the next part of my life on the work front.  For my details on this topic see worklog.
Thursday 18
I made apple sauce in the morning.  Mom and Dad came over at 11:30AM.  Lunch at Bellhop.  Walk over to the Hardware store.  In the evening Renee had a full moon fire circle.  Ken and I went for a walk around the park and then we hung out with Tim, Lee, Phoenix and Michael.
Friday 19
Renee came over for lunch at our house to meet the rents and hang out with them.  In the evening we went over to an Art Opening at OSU.  I met one of the artists whose name is Steven Vojnovich.  We had nice chat.  He is into oil paintings of the ocean.  Mom and Dad enjoyed themselves and we ate some food including yummy chicken on a stick.  Went back their hotel and hung out for awhile talking and enjoying each other's company.  The trip so far is going really well.
Saturday 20
Hang with Patrick in the morning and talk about possibly planting an Aspen tree.  Took my wheel barrow over to the pear tree on Ryan and pick up every single pear and bring it back to our house and put on the side yard.  Also, first batch of dried pears rolled off the dehydrator, very yummy and tasty.  More drying is in my cards.  Lunch with Peter at Gathering Together.  It was so hot out we were the only ones there.  Yesterday was over 100 degrees.  In the afternoon Hb and I hung out and I did more pear processing in the evening including burying all of the bad pears in the ground.
Sunday 21
Lunch at our house with M, D and Pedro.  Patrick stopped by briefly with Juniper but she started crying immediately.  In the late afternoon Hb and I went up Cardwell Hill and afterwards took muffins to P & M's and then picked up the wrong lid at Pedro's.
Monday 22
Breakfast with M & D.  Headed over to the Beaver Store to exchange hats M & D gave us for a long sleeve shirt.  Spoke to Nick Secor and Michael Berkowitz today.  This took several hours.  Also spoke to Iris at the Beach in NJ.  In the evening Pedro came over and Hb cleaned his car spotless.  Patrick and Mindy hung out on the east lawn and we ate dried pears straight out of the dehydrator.  It was a gorgeous late summer evening.  Izzy and I went for a walk up Thompson.
Tuesday 23
Great day at the Tuesday market, the highlight of my week for sure.  Met Valerie who sells cookies and talked to Luke and Ken.  Mushroom showed up and bought some garlic from mushroom.
Wednesday 24
Worked all day, I am back into the swing of things and making good progress in the area of Machine Learning.  Late in the day before Hb went off to the airport we went for a short walk around the block.
Thursday 25
Great day at the coast with Jason.  Started out driving the back way through Toledo and along the river.  We took a break at our parking spot on the river in Oysterville.  Then proceeded into Newport and got on the boat.  It was a gorgeous perfect day on the coast, hot and sunny.  Being out on the ocean was spectacular and I sat up in front with the captain and enjoyed the view of being out on the Pacific for the first time.  Hb and Jason got a bit sick but did not barf.  Afterwards we went over to Nye Beach and sat on the back porch of the Sylvia Beach Hotel.  We watched the waves roll in.  Afterwards we went to the Canyonway Restaurant for the first time.  It was yummy and I had a great Chef's Salad.  After lunch we drove home and got home about 5PM.  We then proceeded to take a look at our backyard plants and decided to celebrate the mini harvest of the shake.  Pedro came over and met Jason for the first time.  We hung in the back yard and it was merry.  Afterwards we walked over to the river with Jason.  It was really dark, so dark that you really couldn't even see the river.  We bonded in the dark and held hands and walked side by side.  A good time was had by all.  It was the highlight of Jason's journey so far.
Friday 26
Hb and Jason go to Portland to visit Jason's deceased father's wife Diane Reeves.  I go to TJ's for shopping and the bank.  Its our last really hot day of the summer.  Jason and Hb got caught in Friday afternoon traffic on the way home.  I made them a turkey dinner and afterwards Jason and I hung outside into the night looking at the Mars and Saturn conjunction. 
Saturday 27
Farmer's Market in the morning.  Jason enjoyed being there.  I found a nice new source of corn from Davis Family Farm past where Paul hangs out.  Lunch with Pedro at our house.  We had the standard faire with corn on the cob.  In the late afternoon we took Jason for a walk in the woods trail in the park.  It was a perfect afternoon.  The hot temps are behind us, probably for good.  Today was cool in the late afternoon with a westerly breeze from the ocean.
Sunday 28
We went out to Tyee Winery and had a nice picnic.  We stayed there till 4PM and then stopped by the Block15 Tap Room for the first time.  Corvallis is definitely moving south.  In the evening we went over to Patrick and Mindy's house.  Cooper's birthday was yesterday, he turned 16 and did a 28 mile 3 day camping trip with 2 other friends.  It was his first time out in the wilderness by himself with 2 other cohorts.
Monday 29
Walk at dusk around the block.  Earlier in the day Hb and Jason went to lunch at Bellhop and then on to a movie.
Tuesday 30
Home by 6AM, up at 3AM.  Took Jason to the airport with Hb.  Back home on Peoria road.  It was a nice morning.  Pot luck in the evening at Central Park for 5th Tuesday pot luck.  Met Tiffany Bailey with Girls on the Run. 
Wednesday 31


September


Thursday 01
Walk downtown and then over to the end of Monroe where we ate a nice Thai lunch.  Afterwards Hb went to talk to Jan and I did some work.
Friday 02
Great day in Eugene.  Hb had a massage and we met aferwards at our usual spot, Sundance.  Nice Indian lunch next door followed by an art walk and Cuban music in Kesey Square.  On our way home we stopped off in Peoria Park briefly.
Saturday 03
Mushroom had his 74th birthday part downtown at a small art gallery to show off his paintings.  Ken was there along with Sole and Mahagoney.  In the evening I planted some swiss chard and Russian Kale.  Autumn is in the air, and the evenings are starting to cool off a bit.  This morning Ken brought by the plants we planted this evening.
Sunday 04
Phoenix and Naj came over for lunch at 12:30PM.  In the late afternoon Hb and I went for a nice lon walk over to Kiger Island.  Ashley requested names for her name baby daughter and our best best was Lilly and Ellie.  In the evening I went for a walk at dusk and picked up some free plums on the corner of Crystal Lake and Park.
Monday 05
Left the house at 10AM, stopped by Kathy Miller's house to feed the cat, then on to Salem for our First State Fair.  We ate corn dogs, watched Laura Curtis and Jack Martin, who were excellent and went out to a late lunch at our favorite Mexican restaurant in Salem.  On the way home we stopped off at TJ's.
Tuesday 06
Nice early day rain.  Tuesday market with a nice long talk with Kerstin.  First Tuesday Odd Fellows meeting with food afterwards.
Wednesday 07
Long walk around the park starting at the cemetary. It was a beautiful day and we walked in T-shirts getting home at 7PM.
Thursday 08
Sharon arrived just before going over to the gallery at OSU.  We had a nice eat at the OSU gallery and afterwards we walked around campus and showed Sharon the lay of the land at OSU.  Just at dark we returned to the car.  It was a gorgeous autumn evening in Corvallis.
Friday 09
Great walk on Cardwell Hill with Sharon.  We went late in the day and the sun was setting to the west on our long shadows.  Earlier in the day Ken came over and we hung out for breakfast.  We had a big lunch here of our favorite recipe.
Saturday 10
Sat with Ken on the lawn at the Farmer's Market.  Lunch with Mushroom, Linda, Sharon and Hb at Earth Rising Booth.  Gorgeous late summer day at the market.  Nice talk with Scott from OddFellows.  He was the Noble Grand at age 30.  Almost 20 years ago.  Scott was doing water at the market.  He is a cool guy.  Around 4PM we headed over to Albany for the Pig at the End of the Road party.  Hung out with Suzanne, Joe, Joe's mom Sharon, Gary House and his wife Linda.  I also saw Rod Bigner, the guy who owns the movie theatre in Albany called the Pix.  We left at dark and drove home on the back road.
Sunday 11
Pot luck at Diane Arney's.  She has a beautiful place.  We met James Paul Rodell. Earlier in the day Sharon left us for Montana and Glacier National Park.  In the afternoon I cooked some food for the potluck this evening.
Monday 12
Bank, gas, walk, dentist, home at 3PM.  Worked the rest of the day clearing out the east circle garden for a big load of dirt coming tomorrow.
Tuesday 13
Got 7 yards of loam / soil mix delivered this morning for $196.  No change in the price since March of 2015.  Went over to Mike Bielstein's house to help Tim paint signs for Benton County Commissioner.  On to the COOP.  In the evening I hung out with Mushroom at the Tuesday Market and spoke Spanish with Cecilia.
Wednesday 14
Mary's Peak with Ken.  Did the loop towards Woods Creek Road, then the Tie Trail then back up at the right turn to Connor's Camp.  Then we ate some food and headed up to the peak.  Afterwards we stopped by Blue Rock and met Tim.  It was my first time at Ken's old stomping grounds and Naj's old house.  They have a beautiful spot out there.  The weather today was perfect and we had a glorious day.  At the end of the day I had a long talk with Pedro.  He is in Paradise for about one month.
Thursday 15
Ken comes over at 11AM and we do a bunch of yard work.  I also clean out the woods hole to make a little more space on the left side at the head of the hole.  Another gorgeous day here, summer is lingering on and its hot and sunny.
Friday 16
Mellow day at home.  Full moon fire cirlce in the evening at Cigamland.  The crew was there including Ron/Strick, Holly, Johng And Renee who just came by from a 3 week adventure in southern Ca.  Tim, Lee, Clauds son who lives in Corvallis and is from France.  Koa was there and we went for a walk.  Leon was there and I hung out with him in his RV and drank some home made juice / soda.  It was a nice night.
Saturday 17
Up at 6AM, gone by 8AM, at Hahn Farm by 10AM.  We went up Hwy 47 to Banks.  Lunch at 1PM, and we were out of there by 3PM.  We did the 2nd and 3rd degrees for OddFellows.  We were home by 5PM.  It rained pretty much all day.  It was the first rainy day of the autumn.  Walk at 6PM over to the Wetlands at WL.
Sunday 18
Dinner at Jan and Boyd's.  Earlier in the day I spent all day filing my amended tax return.  With turbotax the amendment is free but you have to send in the paperwork by hand.  Which is a real hassle but free is free.  Prior to Jan and Boyd's we went for a walk in the park and saw Mushroom and Linda.  Our dinner was lovely and we sat in front of their outside wood stove and talked into the evening with big stars, nice conversation and a yummy meal of quiche.  Returning outside till after dark we saw more stars, stoked the fire and relaxed.  At the end of the night we had chocolate cake to celebrate the full moon, life and the start of autumn.
Monday 19
Walk with Michael and Kirsten late in the afternoon.  In the evening Hb went to a spiritual class and I stayed home and worked.
Tuesday 20
Hb went to Eugene today for a massage.  In the evening we went to the Tuesday Market, hung out with Luke and Valerie, who I learned today makes good candies and she gave us 2 free cookies.  Then a party and fire circle at Renee's.  Johng and Byron were there singing around the campfire.  Koa had a skirt on and looked real cute.  He was cooking marshmallows on the fire.
Wednesday 21
Farmer's Market in the morning, bank, and Hb bank for Pesos.  Cooked our turkey from TJ's in the afternoon.  In the evening Hb went to her spiritual group at Lynn's house with Kerstin and Renee.
Thursday 22
Southtown event at Tunison Park.  Sat with our city councillor Roen Hogg and talked to him about the city.  Dan and Amy introduced him to me.  Also met Chris who went to school in Klamath Falls.  Ken was there.  Afterwards we went to the Old World Deli at 7PM to hear Tim talk about the Benton County Commissioners debate along with Xan.
Friday 23
Mike and Meegan come to town.  Long walk around the park, yummy dinner of our remaining tuna from Mindy.  It is great to see them here in OR.  They are here because Caitlin is doing her redidency in Portland and Cody is living in Moscow, Id with her boyfriend who is in graduate school.  Their kids are 27 and 32.  In 1997 Cody was around 7 years old
Saturday 24
Real nice breakfast with Mike and Megan.  Hang till about 11AM and then they continued on their journey to the coast, it was great seeing them.  In the afternoon went to Eugene to see Flor de Mayo who is one of the 13 grandmothers.  We walked around Eugene earlier, went to the Farmer's Market then a nice meal in the Whitmore followed by a long walk around U of O after the talk.  We got home around 11PM.
Sunday 25
Peggy, whose husband's name is Bob came over to our house Sunday for lunch.  She hung out till about 2:30PM and then we went to the Fall Festival for the rest of the day.  On the way home we hung out downtown sitting along the river and Hb spoke to Diana Martin for awhile.
Monday 26
Went to the library in the morning and got excited about the Library of Congress Schedule of Information.  Walked home past Trusty Auto Repair.  Chris the owner, fixed my door handle.  He started the business in 2006 and has been doing it for 10 years.
Tuesday 27
We got to the Sundance around 10:30AM.  Bought food and then headed up the McKenzie and had a nice lunch at the Delta Campground on the Aufderheide Road / Hwy 19.  We went for a nice short hike in an Old Growth Forest.  Got to Belknap at 4PM and did a nice hot tub in the evening.
Wednesday 28
Hike from Deer Creek Road, at Mile 9 on the trail past the Olallie Campground on the other side of the river.  We hiked to where the dam shaft and green tube was located.  Also, there is a cable tied to a tree which is a good marker.  We did another nice hot tub from 6:30PM till the stars came out and it was totally dark at 8PM.
Thursday 29
Up early, breakfast at 7:30AM.  Hb went down and did a soak and I hung out and read "The Brothers Karamazov".  We then headed out and hit the Sahalie and Koosah Falls hike.  We hiked from Sahalie Falls down to the Carmen Reservoir.  Afterwards we drove down to the Cascadia State Park about 10 miles east of Sweet Home.  It was our first time there and we loved the park.  We had a nice lunch.  Afterwards we went to Walmart in Lebanon and drove home.  We got home just before dark.
Friday 30
Kirtan in the evening, live band of Sid and Kitzie.


October


Saturday 01
Farmer's Market around noon.  Bought a bunch of winter squash from Andrew and corn is still being cranked out.  Stopped by the COOP on the way home and saw Craig from Earth Rising.  We spoke in Spanish.  In the evening Ken and I went to the drumming circle at Westminster House.  It was the first one inside of the autumn.  It was the 6th anniversary and so Michele decided to have a pot luck !  I gave Hezekiah the corn nuts for the trip home.
Sunday 02
Hours exchange.  Long talk with Mike Beilstein about Corvallis.  Afterwards we harvested some tomatoes and prepared the soil for another round of garlic.
Monday 03
Worked outside in the afternoon moving my first round of dirt to the bed with the fig tree.  Got things leveled out.  It was drizzling some and I was loving autumn, being outside and digging and moving dirt.  Ken stopped by in the evening for 2 hours while Hb was at a City Council Meeting with Renee.  Afterwards I had a long talk with Pedro.  He is thinking of staying in Hawaii to November because he is having some issues with renting out the yurt and also Tony is continuuing to be a hassle to him.
Tuesday 04
Hb went to Eugene for a massage.  I went over to Pedro's mailbox to check his mail but there was none.  Talked to him about it, he will be home early November.  Tuesday market, bought some garlic from Michael.  First Tuesday Odd Fellows meeting.  It was a wet drizzly day and night.  We love it here, and autumn is treating me well.
Wednesday 05
Finished planting the garlic at around 6:30PM.  Yesterday I prepared the soil in the middle front yard bed fig tree and today we planted the garlic and I did the west of the fig tree bed as well, the ones with the artichokes.  So the garlic is in the ground and the remaining garlic is now in the fridge where it will sit until its gone.  Keeping it in the box in Hb's closet for the summer and early autumn worked and now its tucked in the fridge for the duration.  Afterwards went for a short walk, ran into Mushroom and Linda and went over to their house to get a few very sweet and delicious plums which were yummy.
Thursday 06
As we were walking downtown around lunch time we ran into Wally, Beatrice's husband and he told us about an art opening at her house on 230 6th St.  We stopped by and stayed there all afternoon.  We caught the 3:45PM bus home and spoke to Abi the whole way home.  Abigail is the daughter of Jason and Shannon at the end of our street.
Friday 07
Party at the north coop, then walk around the block.  Met Mark outside his house across from Witham Hill Park.  He lived in Pittsburgh and went to Pitt.  His wife's name is Linda.
Saturday 08
Worked all day on getting Noms talking to Redis.  Then moved the dirt over to the front door garden, and planted fava beans and buck wheat.  In the evening, we went to a live Kirtan Band at the UU.
Sunday 09
Hb went to Starbucks for her first meeting with Kathy.  We met her the other day Beatrice's gallery in town thanks to our serendipitous meeting with Wally. Hb dropped me off downtown and I went over to the Valley Library.  Then on the way home through Avery Park I stopped by the golf course to speak to Debbie about a potential meeting with the GreenBelt Land Trust.  Katy Stokes potluck, drove out with Ken and Kathy.  Met Janice Rosenberg.
Monday 10
Not a great day the day before I leave for vacation.  Very long walk in the afternoon around the park.  Anya arrived and we had a nice dinner with her.  In the morning I planted green starts from Lee at last nights pot luck.
Tuesday 11
Great day in Portland.  Hang in Multnomah Village and had a nice Thai lunch.  Prior we did a walk around Gabriel Park.  Then on to Season's on Alberta and into our hotel the Red Lion early.
Wednesday 12
Up at 2AM.  Caught the 4:15AM shuttle.  Left at 6:30AM.  Hb and I rode to Las Vegas together.  Then hung out for a bit in LV and Hb flew to Tampa and I went to Pittsburgh.  I sat next to Jean from Blairsville, Pa.  She was cool and is retired from special education.  Her husband is a dentist and she is into the great loop on her boat.  Got to Pittsburgh and then took the bus home.
Thursday 13
Walk with Iris over to Whole Foods.  In the evening Dad and I went over to Giant Eagle to pick up a script for his cough.
Friday 14
Mother and I walked over to CMU and walked around the track 3 times.  For her, this was a huge accomplishment.  Then we walked around the fitness center and building adjacent to the track.  Obama was here yesterday for an event.  In the evening I spoke to John Zeuli.  The last time I spoke to him was several days before being fired from BuzzSumo.  So exactly 2 months have passed since our last chat.
Saturday 15
Went out to lunch at the Square.  Then drove around town and saw Robert's new house.  Then I went for a walk around Oakland.
Sunday 16
Walk with mother over to Shadyside.  Walk with Dad over to the Union Grill and watched some Central Catholic football along the way.  Dinner at the Turkish restaurant on the corner of Forbes and Braddock Ave.
Monday 17
Dinner with Scott at the Thai restaurant on Forbes in Squirrel Hill.  In the afternoon walk around the track twice with Mom and went on a walk with Iris around the block and over to CMU.
Tuesday 18
Mom and I went for a walk.  Dad and I went for a bike ride and then went to Costco which is next door.  I went for a walk at dusk.
Wednesday 19
Dad and I went over to Bakery Square and did a tour through the TechShop.  Then we walked around there and went to Trader Joes.  From there I did a nice walk before dinner.  The weather the whole time I have been home has been in the 70's.
Thursday 20
Leave here about 10:30.  First stop Francis McClure, then White Oak school, passed the old homestead and then down into White Oak behind Lezeks.  Out Lincoln Way past Daly's farm.  Lunch with Bruce Berk then back home through Wilmerding.  In the evening went to the Church Brew Works and met a new family member Thalia Snyder.  Her father, Hymie Snyder's mother was the sister of Sam Levin.  She went back to Europe during WWI and perished in the holocaust.  Robert and Kerry picked me up at 6:30PM.  Andy, Debbie, and Thelma / Thalia's children were there too.  Her son's name is Michael.
Friday 21
Hang with Iris and David in the afternoon at their place then dinner with Robert, Kerry, Dolly, Debbie, Andy, Myra, Katy, who is just back home to work with Robert, Amy, Danny's girlfriend at the golf club.
Saturday 22
Went to see the movie "The Queen of Katwe" and then we had dinner at Bravo.
Sunday 23
Dad and I went to the Environmental Center at Frick Park.  Then I walked down the path to the main path that Scott and I were on last year.  And towards the parkway passed the Soccer Field, then all the way to the top of the hill and left the park near Taylor Alderdice.  From there I hit a chinese party at the high school.  Then had a schwarma at the Greek store and then walked home via Bartless, I should have taken Darlington and over the golf course at Schenley Park and dropped into CMU.  Mom and Dad and I went for a walk back over to CMU.  It was a gorgeous day.
Monday 24
Hang with Iris and Larry at 3PM, afterwards went for a walk up the hill on the steps and then swung back around on Penton Road.
Tuesday 25
Drop blocks off at the Frick Environmental Center.  It is the place we went the other day and I went for my bike hike from here.  Then show Dad place to drop off books and then on to Trader Joe's.  In the afternoon Mother and I went for a walk at CMU and then I did a short walk up on the hill and learned my way around those narrow streets.  Picked up some clothes from Iris and said goodbye to her.  Went over some computer notes with Dad.
Wednesday 26
Up at 5:30AM.  Caught the 6:55AM bus.  Worked at the airport for one hour in Pitt and St. Louis.  Window seat on the way to Portland but clouds most of the way.  Hb and I met as planned and had dinner at Season's.  Drive home was rainy but un-eventful.  We got home safe and sound and Anya made the house perfect.
Thursday 27
Talked to Ken right off the bat, he is doing well and it is a wetter than normal October.  In the early afternoon we went to Trader Joe's.  Then talked to Patrick and Mindy for awhile.  Ken came over with a celery plant and then we hung out for awhile and went over the ballot initiatives and I filled out my ballot for the presedential election.
Friday 28
Walk today around the Country Club area.  Hb went to get the oil changed upon return.  She also made a yummy chicken soup.
Saturday 29
Farmer's Market followed by the Philomath Studio Tour.  At the end of the day we bought winter squash at Green Gables for thirty cents a pound, the best deal yet for winter squash.
Sunday 30
Back out to Green Gables to round out the squash load.  Bought another 100lbs for $30, yesterday I bought 70lbs for $20 so we are good on winter squash.  Afterwards we went to the Samhain ceremony at Rini's land.  It was a very moving ceremony and I wrote a poem about it.  See email on this day.  The group was people from the UU and not the hippie crowd.  It had been raining most of the day but as the ceremony started the rain ceased and we proceeded singing our songs to the ancestors.  I picked up the slack when everyone else was going to the altar with pictures.  The pot luck feast was delicious.  Ken was there and we had a nice time.  We drove home at dark.
Monday 31
Hb and I walked over to Rini's and picked up the bottle she left there last night.  Then we walked around the park.  It was a gorgeous autumn afternoon.  It was our first time in the park since we have returned from our respective journies to Pitt and Fl.  In the evening Ken came over and we hung outside and dropped quarters and dollars in the trick or treaters bags and buckets.


November


Tuesday 01
Walked downtown about 6PM and attended the Odd Fellows Meeting at 7PM.  Hb went to Eugene today.
Wednesday 02
Pick Peter up at the airport and then go to lunch at Block15 in southtown.  It was our first time eating there.  Spoke to Debbie Golf about the golf course.  She is opening up to the idea of a possible sale to the Greenbelt Land Trust.
Thursday 03
Ken, Hb and I went to the library to hear William Sullivan talk about Oregon hiking.  Earlier in the day I cleaned out the gutters.
Friday 04
Anya spent the night last as she got her new "machine" and was here to get the package from UPS and then she went out to dinner with Suzanne.  Finished up the gutters in the front yard.  Yesterday I did the back yard.  Hb came up with the brilliant idea of throwing all of the leaves into the compost bin instead of on to the ground.  Earlier Johng and Pedro came over to hang out for awhile.  Afterwards Hb and I went for a walk around the block and saw Tal walking his dog.
Saturday 05
Farmer's market in the morning by myself.  Hung out with Ken and talked to Jen about her trip to Mexico, Guatamala and Belize.  Then Gathering Together for lunch with Pedro.  Then major leaf haul from Jay's and on Bell.  This is day one of gathering leaves.  Spoke to Stewart Cohn in the evening.
Sunday 06
Breakfast potluck at 10:30AM and Naj and Phoenix's house.  Afterwards we went for a walk around the park to the end.  Then Phoenix took a nap in the dome and I walked back to their house.  Afterwards I did leaves and built up a big pile on the side of the house.  This is my 2nd day doing leaves, as yesterday was day 1.
Monday 07
Day 03 of leaves.  More leaves from Marion.  Short walk around the block afterwards.
Tuesday 08
TJ's in the morning and walk up Garfield.  Stopped by the Italian restaurant called Pastini's in the TJ's shopping center.  It was our first time looking in there and Anya turned us on to the restaurant.  They have been there 8 years, and have 6 restaurants in Portland and one in Bend.  I went for a walk at dusk after doing Day 04 of leaves.  I came back home and did the math and realized Trump was going to win tonight and I was right.
Wednesday 09
Breakfast with Tim, Phoenix, Hb at the Odd Fellows post election day breakfast.  I stuck around to help clean up and Hb drove off to Washougal to spend the night with Lisia and tomorrow she goes to Seattle for Tom Kenyon.  No one talked about the election, no one talked about Tim's loss or Trump's win.  In the evening I went to the mens group for the first time at Greg's house at 940 Alexander.  Prior to that I went for a walk out to 99 and down to Park and back around.  I swung by Johngi's house but he was sick so I walked over with Dave Demaree.
Thursday 10
Lunch with Peter at Belhop.  We hung out for quite a while at the restaurant and I had flourless fried chicken for $13.  Late in the afternoon Ken and I went for a walk around the park and then we had a nice dinner at my house.  We used his juicer and made carrot and beet juice along with banana sorbet with blueberries and apples for dessert.
Friday 11
Talked to John Zeuli in the afternoon.  Foreign Film Festival at the Darkside with Lee Welch and saw the movie The Second Mother.  Walked there and walked home.  Weather is beautiful for mid November.
Saturday 12
Farmer's market in the morning.  Earlier I cooked some winter squash for a nice meal this evening with Ken and Pedro.  Donald was the subject of the evening and this continues to be my opportunity for enlightenment.  I bought 90 quince today for $30, they were 3 for one dollar.  In the afternoon I raked leaves in the backyard and grabbed a big pile of leaves from the end of the street on Marion right next to the side yard on the other side of the street with the big tree and the nice side yard.
Sunday 13
Hung out during the day and took 3 naps.  At about 4PM I went for a walk in the park.  Got home and it was dark and just starting to rain.
Monday 14
Never left the house as it rained all day.
Tuesday 15
Early morning walk over to OSU and out to the corner of Jefferson and 35th and then back to the bus depot and on my way home as I had just missed the bus.  I got home around 11:30AM.  I checked google maps and its a little bit over 3 miles out there, so in total I walked about 6 miles averaging approximately 3 miles per hour.  Hb arrived home around mid afternoon and I served her up some good food of winter squash, kale, and Paul's beans.
Wednesday 16
Spoke to Mushroom about his computer.  Nice potluck at OSU at the Multicultural Center.  Met Susana who's brother lives at the end of Denman and is the carpet guy.  At dusk we went for a walk around the park.  That is a nice simple walk to do this time of year.
Thursday 17
Hike out to the Crescent Valley Trail at the top of the hill with views forever of the WL Valley.  It was our first time up there and hiking around in that part of the forest.  We ran into Marsha on the trail, she heads up the local Sierra Club meetings each month.
Friday 18
Went through the garage looking for the grates for underneath the house.  Did the final harvest of the year, by turning over the tomatillos, digging up the sweet potatoes, and digging out the jacon.  It still needs to be cleaned up and broken apart.
Saturday 19
All day in Salem.  Started out at an estate sale where we bought some Oregon sweatshirts.  Then moved on to the park that we love.  Minto Brown Island.  Not sure when we were there last time, but going there in the fall is magical.  Closed out the day at our favorite Mexican restaurant and drove home on Liberty.  Got home just at dark which these days is around 5:30PM.
Sunday 20
Peter came over for a nice lunch of pumpkin, beans and cooked apples.  Patrick, Juni and I went for a walk around the block and then Patrick recommended that I replant the Yacon I took out of the ground Friday evening.  So I did that at dusk.
Monday 21
Shopping for Turkey Day at TJ's and VC in the morning.  It was a gorgeous sunny day.  Hb went to the movie and I did some more leaves.  I met our neighbor on the next street over who is hispanic and moved to our hood about 20 years ago and bought a house.  He has 2 kids and works at Hull Oakes.  He is happy and likes his job.  He is a good guy.  He came up to talk to me when I was raking leaves at the blue house on Marion that is on the south side of the street that is for sale.  After dark I went for a walk around the block and then over to the wetland and back around through the edge of the park.
Tuesday 22
Hb went to Eugene and I went for a long walk down Wake Robin and across where Anya's new house is.  Then past the park and through the trailer park to the tracks where I walked down and spoke to Debbie at the golf course.  From there I walked home.  It started raining in the afternoon so I was happy I got my walk in today.
Wednesday 23
Final day of work prior to Thanksgiving.
Thursday 24
Drove to Camas and had a nice Turkey Day at Lisia's house.  Attending were Patty and Norm, Barbara and David.  Kimmy and her 2 kids Cloey and Emily.  Jeff and Lisia's kids names are Giada and Alloni.
Friday 25
Drove out to Bonneville and went to the hot springs resort.  In the evening we hung out at their house and had a nice leftover dinner.
Saturday 26
Drove home.  Had a nice lunch at the Season's on Woodstock.  Walked around Woodstock neighborhood next to Season's.  In the evening we went to Peter's for leftovers and hung out at his house till 10PM.
Sunday 27
Went to the UU.  I went for a walk and Hb and Anya went to church.  Came back to the UU and hung out with Debbie and Suzanne.  Afterwards we helped Anya set up her bed at her new apartment.  In the evening we did the United Nations at Odd Fellows.
Monday 28
Talked to Steve Taylor in the afternoon about life.  Swing by the COOP to pick up some white Navy beans and some organic sugar.  Afterwards I went for a walk around the block to the bus station and past the lake.
Tuesday 29
Hb went to Albany twice today to buy detergent at Costco.  The first time she bought the wrong stuff.  Pot luck in the evening at Odd Fellows with Ken, Phoenix, Lee, Claude and Anya came by along with Kathy Miller and Ted Z.
Wednesday 30
Hb dropped me off at OSU and I walked over to the COOP in some showers.  I briefly waited at the Sr. Center on 27th and then off to the COOP where I read the paper and sat in the cafeteria.  I caught the 1:30PM bus on Kings and rode it back to southtown.  Then I did some work.  Then I did some leaves and Hb and I went for a walk at dusk around the wetlands in reverse order.  In the evening I spoke to M & D who are leaving for Florida next week.


December


Thursday 01
Long walk in the morning after dropping off annual back yard load at the post office.  Walked to the north coop and around down 34th and back across campus to my car which was parked in our spot.
Friday 02
Hb is going to Mexico in the morning.  Around 4PM we did a loop around the lake across from Coho.  It was a cold afternoon, but the rains had subsided.  We had a nice dinner with the remaining tortillas.
Saturday 03
Up at 2:45AM.  Dropped Hb off at the airport at 4:40AM, and came back the back road through Peoria.  I was home by around 6AM.  Walk from the UU up to the park and back.  Lunch with Ted Z.  It was my first time hanging out with him.  We went to the Indian buffet at Winco mall.  It was my first time there.  The restaurant was excellent.  We had a great talk.  Afterwards I went for a walk from the end of Circle drive down to Harrison and back.  Then over to TJ's to do some shopping.  At around 6:30PM I walked over to Pedro's and hung at his house till after 10PM.  We watched the Penn State game.
Sunday 04
Great day.  Had a nice South town Art walk with Otmar.  Then Ken came over around 4PM and we went for a walk around the park and then had dinner here.
Monday 05
Hung at home all day.  Pedro came over in the morning to do a document scan for a trailer he was buying on the mainland and shipping to Hawaii.  Spoke to Jim Sigman at 2PM.  He was in Madrid last month for Thanksgiving.  In the evening I spoke to Brian.  Lisa is home now in Escondido with Brian after 3 years living in the valley.
Tuesday 06
Late in the day I drove downtown and went for a big walk up and down the esplanade then out Jackson which is my favorite street to walk on.  Meeting at the Odd Fellows and I shut the place down by cleaning up.  It was a cold night and there was some minor ice on the back of my windshield for the first time this year.
Wednesday 07
Was going to go to dinner with Renee and her daughter but we got downtown and decided to do dinner tomorrow night instead.  So I came home and went for a walk around the park and got home just at dark which is now around 5:30PM.
Thursday 08
Dinner with Ward Nelson, high school golfer; Renee's daughter Markia and Renee at the Sky High Brewery on a rainy very cold winter evening in Corvallis.  He is an amazing kid, and is a 3 handicap in golf.  He is taking AP Physics, and Statistics and is a very interesting young man. 
Friday 09
Pedro picked me up at 3PM and we went to the New Morning Bakery to hang out with Suzanne.  Afterwards Peter and I went out to dinner at the Middle Eastern restaurant.
Saturday 10
Big hike on the west side of Soap Creek.  Parked across the street from Andrews Ln and hiked all the way up to the top of the hill.  Afterwards I went to TJ's to buy some food.  On my way back down the hill it rained the whole time, and I was a bit wet.  At about 8PM I started getting ready.  I hung out in the Safeway in Junction City from 9PM to 9:25PM.  It takes 15 minutes to get to the Eugene airport.  I picked up Hb from her Mexico trip just before 10PM.  Luckily, it was a rainy night but it was showers.  So the rain came and went along the journey.  I got Hb tucked in safe at home before midnight.  She had a big day.  She was in the museum in Mexico city hours earlier.  Modern airplane travel is still a marvel.
Sunday 11
Buying shoes from Big5.  I called all over the place and came up with 5 pair of Womens Alder shoes in size 8 being delivered to the Big 5 in Corvallis over the coming weeks.  I had a nice talk with Stewart Cohn.  The last time we had a long talk was prior to my journey to London in the spring.  Stewart has moved to St. Louis to be with his friend Linda of 14 years.  In the afternoon we went to the Hours Exchange and I hung out there most of the afternoon and spoke to a bunch of different people including Xan who told me about Linda Modrell, previous county commisioner for 16 years,  who championed the Bailey Branch Railway extension.
Monday 12
Swung by Ali's grocery store to drop off my final good big bag of Quince.  Yesterday at the Hours Exchange Ken recommended that I give Ali some Quince.  In return he gave a nice big bag of dates.  From there I went on a long walk towards the top of McCulloch Peak from the Oakcreek Trailhead.  On the trail I met Kyle who told me how cool Bend area was as well for biking and hiking.  He said he had lived in a lot of places in the US and this place was the best for outdoor stuff.  Prior I was talking to Bob Lind outside our house in a short sleeve t-shirt and he commented on how nice it was outside.  I asked him if he knew Ward Nelson.  On the way home I stopped off at the COOP to pick up some Tofu and then Hb and I went for a walk around the block and saw Celia who has very long hair and the couple Alberto from Spain.  We discussed the similarities and differences between people in Spain and Latin America.
Tuesday 13
Started off the day talking to Ken.  Hb and I made ghee.  I went for a walk around the park block, came home, and Hb and Anya went to Renee's for the full moon fire circle.  I did not want to go as its just too cold to hang outside in the winter.
Wednesday 14
Hb and I had lunch at the Laughing Planet.  We like that place.  It was pretty wet and icy on our way there.  By the time Ken left our house in the evening around 9PM there was big time snow on the ground.  He came over late afternoon to do the Craigslist thing as he is looking for a new place to live and we had a nice Quince dish that I made with blueberries and cranberries.
Thursday 15
Huge fun day.  Started out on a conference call with Laura Kiernan from UBNT.  Then into the park and saw Kerry and Diane, and a long talk on the bridge with Mart and Peace.  Michele told them about Mexico.  Then met Mark on the trail riding his bike.  We walked with him all the way back to his house.  At Coho we saw Cecilia who took us by Celia's for a nice tamale dinner with her husband Pablo.  It was her son's 16th birthday.  It was a nice afternoon at her house.  From there we went to Peter's house to help him get some wood up and running in his stack.  He had a nice fire going.  From there we went home.  And I did trash and cleaned snow off both cars so it wouldn't freeze on there tonight.
Friday 16
Went to the Greenbelt Land Trust Christmas party and met Michael, Jessica and Claire.  From there we went to Big5 to pick up my 3 pair of shoes and then on to the Vitamin Cottage.
Saturday 17
Real nice party at Diana and Gloria's house.  The group was there and we had a singer songwriter by the name of Osprey attend the party and show her singing prowess.  A good time was had by all, Peter gave us a ride over there.  Earlier I worked and then cooked in the afternoon.
Sunday 18
Real nice dinner at Bob and Heidi's with Steve, Jan, and Boyd.  Prior I went over to the COOP to buy our Christmas turkey.  I got a 9.23 lb bird @ 1.59 per pound.  I also bought some rice, millet, and what I discovered to be polenta which is what were eating for breakfast.
Monday 19
I went for a walk over to Fred Meyer and took the bus home.
Tuesday 20
Went for a walk out on Kiger Island.  It was our first time doing the loop on Powells.  At 5PM we went over to the OSU art opening and hung out with Wil and Kathy Miller.
Wednesday 21
Patrick came over late in the day with Izzy and they hung out for awhile.  He was advising Hb on her dizziness but they decided not to move forward with the treatment.  I did not go outside today but worked all day.
Thursday 22
Gloria and Diana came over at 9AM and I went for a walk over to the COOP to pick up some Kale.  I rode the bus over, using the realtime app for the first time.  Its very handy to know exactly when the bus is going to arrive.  I helped out a homeless person by allowing him to participate in my order as the check out lady had told him he had to purchase something.  Afterwards I came home and cooked the turkey, stuffing, sweet potatoes, brussel sprouts and salad with Hb who wasn't feeling totally up to par so she directed traffic and I did the cooking.  We are having Pedro and Anya over at 4PM. Pedro stayed till 9PM and we had a nice heart to heart conversation.  I cherish my friendship with Peter and love him as my brother.  Anya and Suzanne are the match made in heaven with the mother daughter relationship.
Friday 23
Caught the 11AM bus using my new online bus app.  Got downtown and went for a walk over to the university.  Then swung by the library and hung out with Ken till about 2PM going over his computer lesson.  From there we had a nice walk home.
Saturday 24
Breakfast at the Broken Yolk followed by Big 5.  I picked up my final pair of shoes.  I got 4 pair of shoes.  From there we went to the Village Green Park north of town on Conifer Blvd between 99 and Hwy 20.  In the afternoon Jan stopped by to give us our Christmas present and then we hung out side with Patrick and Bob.  It was a gorgeous afternoon.  In the evening we watch the movie The Girl King.
Sunday 25
Beautiful Christmas pot luck at Kent's annual Troubador music pot luck.  Met Jim Hagan and Jaya Lapham.  Afterwards we went for a walk across the bridge for the first time.  It was a beautiful sunny Christmas day in the Wilamette Valley and by the end of the day it was cold.
Monday 26
Went for a hike out on Walnut at Martin Luther King, then Walmart and Market of Choice for sausages.  Bob and Peggy Brewster came over for dinner.
Tuesday 27
Hb and I cleaned in the morning and at 3PM I took the bus downtown and hung out at the GrassRoots Books reading this book about George Lucas.  Then I went up to Odd Fellows for my first ever trustees meeting.  Hb attended as well and came from home.  Then we both rode home together at 5PM.   I waited for the bus at 3PM undernearth Mike's roof for his boat and by the time I got downtown it had stopped raining temporarily so I was able to walk from Western and 5th over to Grass Roots Books.  The people attending the Trustees meeting was Phoenix, Lee, Bonnie, Dan and Rachel the Oddfellow employee.  In the evening Renee and Johng came over to hang out.  We lit the Hanukah candles and enjoyed each other's company.  They are good people.
Wednesday 28
Hb took me out to lunch to Sada and then we went for a walk north of OSU around Merrie St. and 33rd and Tyler.  We caught the best part of the day with the sun.  By the time we shut down at 4PM the sun was gone and it had cooled off pretty good.
Thursday 29
Walk down Park and around back to the river.  It was sunny and cold and we had a nice walk.  I am finishing up the last of the Quince, which has been a project.  I bought 90 for $30.  Too many, but some good Quince sauce none the less.  In the evening Hb and Anya went over to Cheryl's community room for a Xigam land powow with friend's to discuss Terrie and Morgan's fate on the land.  Attending were Dan, Amy, Johng, Linda Edwards and a few other brave souls.
Friday 30
Drive down to Eugene and walk over towards Monroe then south to the Fairgrounds.  I love Eugene.  It was cold and wintry and the majesty of a medium sized Oregon town surrounded me with awe and vigor.  I found a Salman Rushdie and Harry Potter book in the little library and that got me excited as well.  I am in a good place.  Hb and I met at the Sundance at 2PM and then we headed over for the first time to Tasty Thai Kitchen and had a delicious meal.  Afterwards we drove over to the Vitamin Cottage and then on home on Coburg Rd our new favorite way home.  Oregon continues to astound me with its beauty and on the next to last day of year I was honored and priviledged to have found a new home.  We got home just at dark with enough time to observe Annie's birthday party next door and relish in the new one year old whose birthday was Dec 28.
Saturday 31
The final day of the year brought joy and love to my heart with a short walk around the block followed by a nice dinner at Peter's of winter squash, dal, and a Hb spinach salad.  After dinner we sat around and watch Jimi Hendrix and Neil Young and the new Grateful Dead.


Happy 2017 !


ok finished the year off