January


Sunday 01
Started out the day with a nice email to David Kleiman whose son Zach is getting married.  Hb went out with Diana and Renee and I stayed home and talked on Skype to Maria about literature.  It has been several years since we have had a long talk together.
Monday 02
Ken came over and we went for a walk around the park.  Later on he dropped off some avocados for Hb.  Hb and Anya went to see the Star Wars movie in the evening.
Tuesday 03
Hb and I drove down to Findley and went in on Bruce Road.  Then on to Bellfountain where we walked around for awhile out towards Alsea.  From there we headed home and in the evening we went to the Oddfellows meeting where we paid our dues of $88.  Afterwards we had food, Lee brought his standard Borcht and Phoenix brought some nice salad and a bread.
Wednesday 04
It was a cold, snowy, sunny day in Corvallis.  Around 1PM Hb and I walked downtown.  We stopped by the COOP for Hb to grab some grub for lunch and me to pick up some greens.  Afterwards we walked downtown, and caught the bus back to Alexander.  I filed for unemployment today and wrote a long letter to Joe P who is now back home in western PA.  It was nice seeing him last summer out here at our house for a spell and a nice party was had by all.
Thursday 05
Caught 11AM bus, then walk around OSU.  At the library by noon for the Sustainability Annual Meeting.  Ken and I walk home and talk to Linda's husband Jay about the Bailey branch.  From there I talked to Ken for awhile about the moon and when its clear you can always see it.  The question is whether or not its in our visibility or hiding on either side of the horizon.  New personal insights into this topic as well as planets not actually emitting light but reflecting the sun's light was an insight recently in regard to Boyd asking me about what that was up in the sky and me telling him it was the planet Venus which has been incredibly brilliant just after dark in the southern winter sky.
Friday 06
Oddfellows cemetery at 1PM followed by lunch at the COOP.  Then we swung by TJ's and home.  Went for a nice quick walk around the block prior to darkness.  Hanging at the cemetery today with Lee, Phoenix, Tim, Gene, and John was very nice.  I like the folks at Oddfellows.  I am in a good place with them.
Saturday 07
Big snowy day in the Willamette valley.  By the time we went over to Peter's there were several inches.  Earlier the car was packed in ice below snow.  So I started up the car and let it run for about 15 minutes until I was able to chip off all of the ice.  Nice meal with Kerry and Diane, Pedro and a warm wood stove of Turkey soup, pomegranite salad and dal.  It was a nice way to start out the year with neighbors and friends.  Afterwards we came home and I went out for a short walk and rapped with Jason for awhile about Abbey and how nice it was for Hb and I to have a nice conversation with her on the bus ride home a few months back.
Sunday 08
Dealt with making reservations for our trip to Nashville this spring.  We got a place to stay in Nashville and a nice rental car.  In the evening JohnG came over at 7:30PM and stayed till 10PM.  We went over cut and paste on his laptop and we rapped for awhile prior to the computer lesson.
Monday 09
Nailed down staying in Nashville at the center where Hb is having our conference.  Then bussed over to OSU and walked on the sidewalks that were NOT full of snow and ice.  It was an ugly day to be walking around town due to the massive amounts of SLUSH.  But I found some clean trails at OSU.  Walked home from Alexander and 99 where the bus dropped me off.  Finished off the diary work and cycled through purple papers.
Tuesday 10
Bed, Bath and Beyond followed by Walmart then TJ's and VC loop.  It was lightly raining but not too bad out.  The massive slush fest from yesterday when I was over at OSU is now gone thanks to a warmer rain last evening.
Wednesday 11
Peter's at 11AM to move wood.  Hang for awhile then he and Hb went to Sada and I walked out to Fred Meyer's to catch the 2PM bus.  Then Hb and I went for a walk over to the cemetery and home.  Along the way we saw Phoenix and Naj.
Thursday 12
Ken came over at 6PM and we went to the library with Hb to hear a talk by the Sierra Club on Sea Vents.
Friday 13
Walk in the afternoon around the WL Block then Jan's for computer help.  She needs to upgrade her OS, Heidi stopped over Jan's with some Macademia nuts.  They had a good trip to Hawaii.  In the evening we went to Oddfellows for a Capricorn party with Ken.  I had a long talk with Stan Taylor about health insurance.
Saturday 14
Walk around Salem over to Willamette University then on to the library.  Back to pick up Hb at Macy's and I bought a winter coat for next winter.  Then we had lunch at our Mexican restaurant on Commonwealth and rode home to the Buena Vista ferry.  Its a gorgeous spot on the Santiam.  We got home at dusk and I went for a short walk around the block.
Sunday 15
Hb went to her shamanic group and at 4:30PM we drove down to Earth Rising for a sweat at Lee Miller's house.  Jackie was in Ca for a dance group.  Attending was Delbert, Scott {harmoniouspractice}, Joa, who I never met before, and Craig was around in the other room.  There was a woman there by the name of Lacy who was from Utah and had spent a year in Vietnam.  The stars at Earth Rising are always magical and the drive home on a cold winter night in the Willamette Valley we saw ONE car.  That could possibly be a new record.
Monday 16
Hb cleaned the house and I went for a walk around the park block with Ted Z.  We stopped by the river dock to see the water rushing by.  He came into our house for the first time and we chatted for awhile with Hb.  Ted is a good man.  This is our second time getting together, the first time was a nice Indian buffet.
Tuesday 17
Up at 6AM, was in Albany by 7:30AM.  Did the appointment at 8AM for unemployment then walked around the area.  Home by 11AM after a short stop at the COOP to get some food.  In the afternoon I worked with Jan to try and attempt to do a MacOS upgrade but it didn't work.  She came back over around 5PM to pick up her computer.  Hb went to the movie this afternoon with Anya to see a movie called Lion.
Wednesday 18
Long talk with Scott in the morning.  He wants me to be a co-founder in his company dealing with agriengineering and visualization of crop data relative to the amount of evaporation from them.  It his is first web app.  Hb and I went for a long walk around the park in the afternoon.
Thursday 19
Took the bus over to 49th and Country Club and walked home.  Its about a 5 mile walk.  The weather has gotten much nicer, meaning warmer.  It was partly cloudy with some sun, and the walk was lovely.
Friday 20
Hb and I go down town for the rally at Central Park.  Earlier in the day I watched Trump's inaugural speech on YouTube after the fact.  After Central Park we swung by Odd Fellows prior to everyone showing up.  The energy of the group stirred me and coming home was the call.  In the evening Hb went to ecstatic dance and I talked to Pedro for a record 2 hr, 43 min, and 50 seconds.
Saturday 21
Winter Farmer's Market for the first time this year.  It was a rainy day so we chilled out at home and ate food. 
Sunday 22
Long walk starting at Crescent Valley High School at 9:30AM.  I walked up to the Jackson Creek Trailhead and then on from there straight crossing the stream and bridge to the left.  Then continued straight on up the road to where it hit the Dan's Trail and the Horse Connector Trail.  I walked up that trail and then dropped back down the Horse trail to where I started close by the bridge.  I am learning my way around the M Forest and it was my first time doing this walk.  I got back to my car around 11:45AM.  Its a five minute drive over to TJ's and from there I went home.  In the late afternoon we went to watch the Steeler game at Peter's.  They lost to the New England Patriots in a blowout game.
Monday 23
Hb went to Albany with Anya and got home about 2:30PM and then we walked downtown and back home.  It was a gorgeous day.  Along the way we ran into Jim, who we met at the potluck Christmas day at Kent's music store and then we saw Scott who wrote the book on distilling in Oregon who lives in Southtown.
Tuesday 24
Gorgeous winter day in Oregon, sunny and mild.  I stayed in all day and worked and after dark went for a short walk around the block.  In the early morning hour I had a nice talk with John Zeuli.  It was our first talk of 2017, and keeping up my friendship with John has been important to me.
Wednesday 25
Went to see 2 poets at Grass Roots Books namely Cathy McGuire and John Sibley Williams both of whom spoke to me especially since its less than a week after the Trump inauguration.  And they were both very vocal about the state of things at this very moment.  They also elucidated the voice and what it means to get there and have one.
Thursday 26
Drove up to Northface in Woodburn on I5, it took us one hour and we got there before noon.  Afterwards we had lunch at Luis's Tagqueria.  It was passable but we will not be going back to downtown Woodburn to eat.  There is not much there.  Also, we realized that it was the place we went on the Greyhound bus on our first trip back to NM on Nov 2, 2013 as we were going to the airport in Portland.  Its a strange world when you come back to a place you never knew in the first place and then realized where you were.  We drove home on French Prairie Rd through downtown Salem and over the bridge on Hwy 22 to Rickreall.
Friday 27
At 3PM I took the bus over to OSU and walked around.  I checked out the new Learning Center which is an amazing building.  I walked up to the 4th floor which is actually good exercise.  I like that building and it would be a good place to just take a book and read and / or meet with others to talk etc...  Afterwards I walked back towards 15th and then on home through Avery Park.  This time I walked left and then through the trail across the park.  A new way.  It was a mild winter day, and in the course of the day I am reading Charles Dicken's "A Tale of Two Cities" for the first time.  What a writer, I am impressed.
Saturday 28
Farmer's market saw Tal and Miriam and had a nice talk with Jeff, Maureen's husband who I had not seen in awhile.  Also saw Luke for the first time this winter.  At the end of the day we went for a walk around WL and down to the river and back.
Sunday 29
Chinese New Year's Party at OSU at 5PM with Anya.  Earlier in the afternoon we went for a walk around the block.
Monday 30
Spoke to the lady at the unemployment office early in the morning.  Ted and I went for a walk out in the Herbert Open Space at 4PM.  We walked till dark.
Tuesday 31
I started walking over toward Ken's house at 5PM and I saw him walking down the street closer to 6.  We drove over to OddFellows for the potluck.  I sat next to 2 Suzanne / Susan's.  It was a good pot luck.


February


Wednesday 01
Our first Death Cafe at noon at the InterZone followed by lunch at the new Taco Vino restaurant downtown.  Afterwards we went to the bookstore and library and then headed home.
Thursday 02
Bus downtown then walk to DTC and pick up bus 4 out to the corner of Highland and Walnut.  Then I walked left and up 13th and up Garyanna into the forest and through the woods to the power lines which led me right to Lester Ave.  Then I headed west and dropped down to 29th and back over to Circle and King's to catch the bus home.  I did some more winter squash.  I am keeping up with the squash as it goes bad from the hard freeze a few weeks back which tanked the squash in a big way.
Friday 03
Walk in the late afternoon around the park.  Saw Bob Lind and Linda, who's husband is Jay at the River.  She told me about her sons.  One lives at home and has a PhD in Physics from Gainesville and is teaching out at LBCC and her other son who lives in Joseph.  She told me about driving across the state in the autumn and how beautiful it is and also how cold it is there in the winter.
Saturday 04
Farmer's Market around noon.  Signed up with Theresa Matteson to work at the Native Plant sale at the end of February.  Onwards to TJ's and VC and then dropped off some old jars at the COOP.  We have now been in OR long enough that I have excess jars piling up in my closet.  Hb and I went for a walk around the park and got home around 5PM.  I also had a nice chat on Skype with Jeff Mankoff.  He is doing well and was into turning me on to Ancestry.com
Sunday 05
It was a pretty rainy day but Hb and I got out early afternoon for another walk around the park like yesterday.  We saw Heidi and told her we went to Luis's Taqueria in Woodburn.  We decided not to go over to Pedro's for the Super Bowl but stayed home and ate our turkey and beans, our favorite dish here on Powell.
Monday 06
Saw Mushroom and Linda in the hood and he turned us on to his video about his art work.  Had a nice long talk with Rand and Tessie.  Tessie came back from the Philippines, Sima went too.  Tessie is done with her treatments for breast cancer and celebrated with a big trip to see her brother who is 85.  Hb and I started our taxes today.
Tuesday 07
In the evening we went to our first Tuesday monthly Odd Fellows meeting.  Earlier in the day we decided and booked reservations for our trip down south to Ashland and Chico.
Wednesday 08
Long walk from the Number 8 bus at 49th back home.  It was a misty, slightly rainy day, but I made it all the way home without getting too wet.
Thursday 09
Walk around the wetlands and heard the frogs yell on a full moon with Hb.  Afterwards we saw Kathy Miller and we hung out with her in front of our house staring at the full moon.  We then watched the movie Papa: Hemingway in Cuba.
Friday 10
Walked back to the frogs in the day.  Saw Phoenix driving along the way and he stopped and talked to us for awhile.  It was a typical great day before travel packing up and being in the glory of getting ready to go on a vacation.
Saturday 11
Got up at 5AM and left the house by 7:30AM.  We hit all of the rest stops along the way and was in Grants Pass at around 11AM for breakfast at Ma Mosa's which was super.  From there we took the back road to Ashland.  We had a nice dinner at our Pizza restaurant after my favorite walk in Ashland.  We did the loop up to the top of the hill.  It was a great day ! 
Sunday 12
Got up and had a nice breakfast of eggs and home frys at our hotel in Ashland.  From there we drove to Yreka and then the back road to Mount Shasta.  The old Hwy 99 is lovely.  There was not a car on the road.  It was a flash back to the good ol days.  We walked around Mt. Shasta, hung out at the COOP and Hb bought a rock at the rock store.  From there we drove to Chico.  Nita checked us in and then we had a nice dinner at the Mexican restaurant downtown called Tres Hombres.  Afterwards we walked around the university, its a lovely town and the creek running through the university is great.
Monday 13
Breakfast across the street at Morning Thunder then we headed east on Hwy 32 to check out the canyons east of town.  Very cool.  In the late afternoon I went for a walk around the university and then we had a nice Thai dinner downtown.
Tuesday 14
Breakfast at Cafe Coda.  We walked over there, its in a cool new part of town we had not been in yet.  Afterwards we found the COOP.  Great walk out at the Sac River State Park.  Afterwards we drove north on River Road.  We met the owner of our house today sally.proctor@gmail.com and she told us she has weekly and monthly rentals.  I walked up the street to Hwy 99 and back along the park at dusk.
Wednesday 15
Great day, not sunny but nice.  We ate breakfast at home, Pete's for coffee and a very nice Indian buffet for lunch.  Then big walk in the walk for the first time.  We walked past and under Hwy 99 to Vallombrosa Circle.  At dusk I did another walk up the street to 99 and back.  Chico is a nice town, and the place we are staying feels good.  Long over 2 hour talk with Peter in the evening.
Thursday 16
Left Chico at 8AM and sent a text message to Sally Proctor that the dish washer was on, the house was locked and the heat was off.  Quick stop at Starbucks and then drove to Mt. Shasta where we had a lovely lunch of a big bowl of rice and beans.  Hb talked to her friend in the rock shop after lunch and I went for a short walk.  From there we took the back road to Yreka and then on to our walk on the back road to the green bridge and the Shasta River.  We walked down into the canyon and it was sunny and warm; Hb and I decided to have our ashes thrown at the bottom of this canyon.  It was great to be there.  We landed in Ashland around 4PM, checked in, in sun.  Awesome dinner at Thai Pepper.  It was good.  Afterwards we bought Quinoa at the COOP for $2.13 and then went home to watch the Trump Press Conference.
Friday 17
Great breakfast once again at the Ashland Springs Hotel.  Wow, the eggs and potatoes are straight from the kitchen downstairs at Larks.  Yummy.  We left at 9:30AM and got on I5 in Grants Pass at 11:30AM and were at the COOP in Eugene around 2PM.  Going through Medford, Gold Hill etc is not the call, but oh well.  We bought our food at the COOP and ate our lunch at Whole Foods.  We drove home the back way on Coburg Road and were home with plenty of light.  Patrick and Juniper greeted us and we were tucked in for the evening before dark.  It wasn't even cold in our house and the hot water heated up quickly.
Saturday 18
Back into working on taxes, did downloads of data etc...  Farmer's market around noon, first stopped by the PO and picked up our mail.  In the afternoon we did the frog walk, and then down to the river.
Sunday 19
Cooked all day for Ken and Pedro who came over for dinner.  Ken brought sunchokes, which are pretty good.  I went for a walk about an hour before they arrived around the block twice.  It was a nice dry afternoon and I enjoyed the walk.  Ken is still looking for a place to live but I believe is getting closer to finding a place.
Monday 20
Walk late in the day around WL.  Upon arriving home I had a nice talk with Patrick and Mindy.
Tuesday 21
Never left the house, working on Ether contracts first couple of days.  Spoke to Mom and Dad in the evening, Mother specifically about her going to Phoenix and meeting up with Rick there.
Wednesday 22
Spoke with Alex Wearn about a job then took the bus downtown, mailed at letter at the PO, went to the bank and then walked home stopping at the COOP on the way home.  Tim and Bill Koch came over for dinner. Hb made a really nice chicken dinner.  It was Bill's first time over to our house.  He told some old stories about Odd Fellows.
Thursday 23
Woke up with a bad cold.  Unemployment office at 1PM to meet with Ben.  The late afternoon light was gorgeous and the sun was out, lovely.  Ben was on top of the blockchain scene which made my conversation with him very comfortable.
Friday 24
Nice talk with Lee Miller.  He wanted us to come down to Earth Rising on Sunday for a pot luck, but since I have a cold I am going to pass this time.  I told him about our party but he has something else going on that evening close to home.  Long talk with Pedro in the evening and Hb went with Anya and Renee to the Sr. Center for a 20's Jazz dance.
Saturday 25
Farmer's Market at noon along with the Native Plant sale.  We bought a ham for the party.  Went for a walk around the park after lunch and it was sunny and clear.  Talked to Patrick and Mindy and delivered the blue scooter back to the Hispanic couple.
Sunday 26
Renee had her 60th birthday party at Kathy's house and Anya, Cecilia, Celia all came to help us celebrate.  We met Leslie and Suzanne there who I will hopefully hook up with John Gutman to discuss fragrances.  Earlier in the day I did my first foray into spring gardening, and will hopefully plant some sunchokes.
Monday 27
Ken arrived at 8:30AM and he hung out to 11AM.  He had breakfast and we did some work on the computer.  Later in the day I worked outside, Day 2, preparing the land for sunchokes.  It was a gorgeous, cold, slightly rainy afternoon and I stayed out side till dusk.
Tuesday 28
Went to Salem for a Hb mamogram which was good news.  Afterwards we went for a walk around the Skyline facility.  Had a nice lunch at Life Source Natural Foods, excellent place in Salem for lunch.  Prior we stopped by Costco for TP and afterwards we went to Target for party supplies for our bash next weekend.  In the evening we had a free dinner at Del Alma by attending a conference on Social Security.


March


Wednesday 01
Worked outside at 4PM and got all of the sunchokes in the ground in the west front garden next to the mailboxes.
Thursday 02
Hb dropped me off downtown and I walked over to TMobile and then to the Indian restaurant next door.  My first time there was with Ted Z several months back.  The meal today wasn't great, but wasn't shitty either.  I got on the bus and rode home.  In the late afternoon I cleaned out the garage, got rid of a bunch of boxes that were housing our winter squash in preparation for the party next week and talked to Patrick and Izzy till dark.
Friday 03
Walk around the park and back early in the morning.  Hb went to Eugene for a massage and I stayed home.  In the evening Hb went to Kirtan with Anya and I stayed home and worked.  It was a rainy evening.  I got turned on to Bill Evans and listened to a lot of ColdPlay.
Saturday 04
Downtown Liquor store, I had never been in there before.  We went in to buy some tequilla for the party next weekend.  Hb also bought some Cognac.  Both versions were Patron.  From there we hit the Farmer's market where I bought a bunch of sunchokes and potatoe starts from Luke who was out on an errand.  From there we went to an estate sale and we saw Naj and Phoenix who invited us to their house tomorrow evening for a Pizza potluck.  I bought a post hole / wood splitter for $2.50.  From there TJ's and then I walked down 10th to Harrison as Hb shopped in VC.  Got home and went for a big walk around the park and down to Renee's.  Hb lost her orange hat along the way and we found it sitting on Miriam's mailbox on the way home.  We sent Miriam a text message and told her she did her "mitzvah" for the day.
Sunday 05
Mellow day at home followed by a very nice pizza dinner at Naj and Phoenix's house.  Terrie, Holly, Renee, Johng, and Tim were there too.
Monday 06
Jan and Boyd got a new wood floor put in their living room so we went over to their house to see it.  We stayed for 2 hours and had tea.  Afterwards we went for a long walk around the park and stopped and picked up Hb's umbrella at Renee's tent.
Tuesday 07
Went out to buy a screen door compression closer, went all over town and ended up getting it at Robnett's.  In the evening we had our Odd Fellows Meeting and I was the chaplain and read some prayers about peace and Hb talked about Intl Women's Day in "Good of the Order" which is tomorrow.
Wednesday 08
Walk late in the evening around 8:30PM.  I did my classic late evening walk to the end of Bethel where the side walk ends.  I love doing that at night, especially when I didn't get a walk in that day.  The rains let up for my walk, a blessing as always.
Thursday 09
The Annual Sustainability Coalition meeting at OSU.
Friday 10
First sunny day since back from Chico.  Long walk to the park.  Saw Karen Mayo who just got back from a 2 month trip to Mx.  Over to the COOP, bank for Hb bday cash and the library to drop off a box of books that has been sitting in the garage for a year or more that I bought at the library book sale years back.  Now I just buy books I want to read.  At that time I was buying bags of books for five dollars.  Came home and prepared the west garden for spring planting in the upcoming days.  Will put in some fava beans and more sun chokes.  Also, I have been planting grass in the cave which appears to be taking pretty well.  At the end of the day I sat down on my chair in front of the garage door and dreamed again of warmer days when I can sit there at the end of the day and read.  Today I was reading Charles Dickens Bleak House which I aquired earlier in the day at the library Friends Book room classic section.  After visiting London last year for the first time, I love reading about London in the time of Dickens and what it was like to alive then in such a vibrant city of despair and luxury.
Saturday 11
Farmer's Market early.  Attending our party was Bob, Heidi, Doug, Jamie, Boyd, Jan, Sarah, Jay, Anna, Patrick, Mindy, Izzy, Juniper, Mark, Wendy, Fred, Ken, Linda Edwards, Kathy Miller, Wil, Lee Welch, Claude, Phoenix, Naj, Holly, Johng, Amy, Dan, Steve Taylor, Anya, Peggy, Bob, Bina, Helen.
Sunday 12
Bob and Peggy came over to our house for breakfast.  Earlier I drove out to 53rd to buy a lightbulb at Safeway and drop off some trash and buy some gas.  The afternoon was beautiful and we did a bunch of gardening including planting fava beans and sunchokes.  I also started on the east leave garden with boxes and some chokes and lots of potatoe starts I bought from Luke.
Monday 13
Finished up my taxes and filed them and then got an amended return notification message from vgd an hour later.  Oh brother, luckily it was only a 3 dollar difference.  Went to get some new gas for the mower and then Hb and I went for a walk down to the river.  Afterwards I mixed Patrick an ant toxic for his ant problem as well.
Tuesday 14
Since its going to rain this afternoon we worked outside in the morning and got the lawn mower started.  Then we went for a walk around the park.  It did indeed rain the rest of the day.
Wednesday 15
We got a walk in today despite it being very rainy.  We walked over to WL around 5PM and coming back through the park we saw Steve finishing up a round of disc golf.  Earlier in the day I spoke to Dad.
Thursday 16
A sunny day.  Worked outside in the early afternoon.  At 4PM we did the third Thursday Art Walk.  Beatrice had the best food as always.  The sun and the late winter day struck us with good vibes.
Friday 17
Worked all day.  In the evening we went to the UU to hear Cassandra a local singer from Corvallis and Libby a native Alaskan political activist for the Spring Creek project.  We sat next to Ken and hung out with Wil and Kathy.
Saturday 18
Gathering Together Farm for breakfast around 11AM.  Ali took care of us, we finally learned her name.  Her name is pronounced like Ali McGraw and or the word alley.  It was cold in there and we sat on the 2nd level.  We went home afterwards and went for a short walk around the block.  In the evening we went to Kathy Miller's house for a lovely dinner with Wil and Brenda who came late and brought a lovely dessert.  She told us about her adventures as a young girl and moving out to Oregon in a church bus she bought for $450.
Sunday 19
Worked outside all day.  From about 11AM to dark.  I planted the remaining sunchokes in the east garden strip, Naj and Phoenix stopped by for awhile, Patrick drove by and I chatted with him, Heidi came over and we talked for awhile, and Hb was in and out with her journey class and potluck hours exchange.  The other main things I did was cut the grass, and dig up the grass surrounding the garlic bed with the fig tree.  A gorgeous sunny warm day was had by all.
Monday 20
Mailed off Sarah paperwork for Arcadian Trail and stopped by the bank, gas, and TJ's as I did my swing through Corvallis.  In the evening we went to the Hilton Garden Inn for an investment seminar and a free dinner.  We had a fun table with a Vietnamese lady sitting next to us and some folks from Glendive who bought a 2003 Corvette.
Tuesday 21
Spoke to the folks from Ownage for the first time.  Hb and I went for a walk in the afternoon, caught some real good sun briefly.
Wednesday 22
Up early, picked up Pedro at 9AM, back home by 10:30AM.  Beautiful morning as it was sunny driving to the airport and a bit more cloudy driving back on Peoria road.  In the early afternoon I had a long talk with Iris, post speaking to Jack du Rose.  Late in the afternoon Hb and I cut the grass, went for a short walk, Patrick planted some oregano for us and we went to hear Scott Stursa talk about his book Distilled in Oregon at Grass Root Books.  We saw Gary House and his wife Linda at the reading.  He is friend's with Scott from aways back.
Thursday 23
Another round of talks with Dotun from Ownage, this time it was the technical interview which started out rocky but I passed it.  Afterwards I walked over to Country Club and 49th and literally ran onto the bus.  I walked / ran up to the stop and got on the bus.
Friday 24
Spoke to Jeff Mankoff and heard from Berk.  Got my walk in at mid day around the park.  There was some sun and clouds and I was happy.
Saturday 25
Spoke to Berk, Rand, Tessie and John Zeuli.  I like talking to people and checking in with folks.  Also spoke to Dad.  Hb went to the horse show in Albany.
Sunday 26
It rained all day here.  We managed to get out for a short walk around 6PM.  Long talk with Michael Berkowitz.  We had not spoke since we were staying in Ashland about 18 months ago.  Also spoke to Pedro and did some short work.
Monday 27
Up at 6AM to check in to Southwest.  Left the house and shot up I5 for a stop in the area of Multnomah village.  Hb's store was closed so we headed over to Council Crest Park.  You get a great view of the city from here along with a view out to the west towards Beaverton.  Portland is a cool city.  From there we dropped down and had a Vietnamese lunch at our old stomping grounds lunch spot called Thanh Long.  The food was good but not great, so we might not be going back there for awhile.  After lunch we headed over to the Albert street hood, walked around a bit and then stopped by Season's for some dinner stuff for later.  Got to our hotel, checked in and I went for a walk in the industrial section of the airport.  The energy here isn't great, but it was a nice evening and I got to see the Radisson which is pricey.
Tuesday 28
Up at 2AM and showed myself that having confidence in yourself and you can make almost anything in reason happen.  Hb got up at 3AM and we were on the 4AM shuttle to the airport.  Flew through Denver and arrived Nashville around 2:30PM and Wayne picked us up and gave us our first tour of downtown Nashville.  He had lived in Edmondton, Canada for 7 years but was from Nashville.  His Mom died recently and he inherited the house and was telling us how Nashville was growing so fast along with the building.  Scarritt Bennett Center is very nice.  We met Doris Stewart who is lovely.  Hb became quick friends with her and hopefully we will go to church with her next Sunday.  In the evening after a nice dinner at Chipotle we went to a Believer's ceremony and met Mary who turned us on to her daughter's prayer and music service.  It was impressive, very impressive some believers were healed and the keyboard and guitar player along with the passion of the people there blew me out of the water.  I don't think I had every in my life witnessed and understood the bible belt as much as I did tonight.  It was truly a memorable experience and something I will never forget. 
Wednesday 29
Our first full day in Nashville was gorgeous.  We started out the day with breakfast at Biscuit Love.  From there we ventured around the hood and then under the tracks over to the Music city Convention Center and then on to the fancy hotel in town where we saw E's favorite shop called Hatch Show Print.  The hotel in which the shop sits was having a convention and so we got free candy and pop corn.  From there we walked across the pedestrian bridge and through the heart of down town.  Nashville is impressive.  We ended up the day at Hattie B's home fried chicken.  We chatted with Doris Stewart and HG Stovall who were very friendly and turned me on to using the library.  The people in Nashville are very friendly.  I told Peter that Nashville was impressive and almost as impressive as London.  That might have been a stretch, but not really.
Thursday 30
Walk over to the Parthenon, lunch at Thai restaurant nearby then ice cream at Ben and Jerry's.  From there we walked downtown to our natural grocery store to buy some food for breakfast.
Friday 31
Walked Hb over to the Parthenon then caught the bus downtown.  From there I took the 55 bus south of town, walked around a bit and then came back to downtown.  From there I had a nice Cobb salad and walked home.  In the evening we went to have mexican food which a new friend Michele made at the workshop who lives in Liberty, Utah.


April


Saturday 01
Hb went to the Bill Henry workshop and I worked in the morning.  Around noon I walked over to the Edgehill Festival and checked out the Italian restaurant that Hb liked for dinner.  Then I walked downtown to eat at salad at the Turnip Truck and walked back home.  Hb and I went to have dinner at the Italian restaurant.  It was a nice chilly sunny day in Nashville.
Sunday 02
Work till noon, then walk over to Bellcourt Taps, the bar south of Scarritt Bennett.  Had a nice lunch at the Grilled Cheese place then walked further south and had 2 free ribs at Kroger where I bought some bananas.  From there walked east and then south till I ran into a Thai market and restaurant where I got some fried rice and a piece of rice cake.  And here I am back in my room around 3:30PM on a gorgeous sunny day in Nashville.  This place makes me feel good being in the south on a nice campus kind of feels a bit like Caltech and my office there.  That place felt pretty good as well.  Having a comfortable office is important.  Music tonight was great at Bellcourt Taps with Ron Shaffer who we met on the plane from Portland.  It was a nice venue, not too loud, and we enjoyed the different musicians up on the stage.  I gave the bar waiter a $10 tip and he was real happy, so a good time was had by all.
Monday 03
We went to the Frist and saw the Buddhist exhibit.  We spent some time hanging out with Michael Lennon from Boulder who also lives in the Keys.  He attended the workshop this weekend with Hb and William Henry.  Afterwards we stopped by the big Union Station next to the library which used to be the post office and the train station is now a hotel.  Then on to big up our rental car followed by lunch at the Turnip Truck, we love their salads.
At dusk I took a walk around Vanderbuilt to the south back towards where we were hanging out last night.
Tuesday 04
Up at 1:30AM and did some meditation.  We officially got up around 5AM.  We left around 6AM and had a nice breakfast at Wild Eggs in Bowling Green, Kentucky.  You know its a good place when they have gluten free bread.  It was excellent.  From there we headed to Mammoth Cave National Park.  It was my first time ever in a cave.  They had a self guided tour because all of the other tours were booked.  Being in this long, huge cave was amazing.  Afterwards we ate some lunch and then went for a big hike  along the green river.  It was a super fantastic day, we met some nice people who steered us down the road to a diner in Pig, Kentucky where we had some BBQ, and 3 sides, of white beans, mashed potatoes and cole slaw with peanut butter pie for dessert.  We headed back into the park and hiked down into a sink hole called Cedar Sink Trail.  This was a magical part of the park.  Just before dusk we started heading home and was back at SBC at dark, literally.  It was just dark.  So the day was perfect.  We took in our things and then went for a short walk in the warm spring evening in Nashville.  It was still, calm and lovely.  A good day was had by all.  We are alive and well.
Wednesday 05
Whole Foods for breakfast with Hb, then went for a walk in the neighborhood just south of there.  We parked at a park and then walked around.  Came home and did laundry.  I had a long talk with Peter and talked to him from the building where I was doing the laundry.  Then we went to have a late lunch at the Turnip truck.
Thursday 06
We went out to lunch on 12th South at a place called BarTaco, meal was yummy and Hb was happy.  Afterwards we headed over to Dilliards in the same shopping area as Whole Foods where we went yesterday.  Upon coming home we headed over to Vanderbilt to try and find the band Maybe April who was playing somewhere on campus, but a wild goose chase through the basement of Medical Center North and then over to Children's Hospital followed by a trek to the Common's yieled no results.  Maybe April will not be, unfortunately visited by us this trip.  The evening turned warmer with blue sky and some sun.
Friday 07
Breakfast at Vanderbilt south of here.  Kids and parents who had gotten into Vandy were there.  Out to Andrew Jackson's house called the Hermitage.  John Meacham and Daniel Feller both spoke eloquently about Jackson and his presidency.  No one glossed over his good and bad points.  The place is amazing.  And Hb and I sat in the tall switch out on the 1200 acre plot and relished in her glory on a gorgeous sun soaked Friday afternoon in early April and said to each other it doesn't get any better.
Saturday 08
Drove down to Franklin after a nice breakfast at Whole Foods.  We walked around downtown Franklin, ate some ice cream, and went for a walk and met some folks who took us into their home to show us what a home looks like on the National Historic Register.  Afterwards we went out to the Natchez Trace Parkway and went for a hike.  This is an interesting place, and we were surprised by its beauty.  Thai dinner on the corner of Edge Hill and 12th, yummy.  Aferwards we walked along Vanderbilt, the places we had not been yet.  Its a nice campus.  8000 soldiers died in Franklin in 2 days during the Civil war.
Sunday 09
Doris Stewart's church where we had a nice breakfast of chicken and eggs.  The service was wonderful, the black people were the nicest people I had ever met in a group of prayers.  Afterwards we went home and then walked downtown for lunch at the Turnip Truck.  In the evening we went to a vespers service and it was our first time in the chapel at Scarritt Bennett Center.  The evening was gorgeous, warm and the light at the end of the day over Nashville was magical and spiritual for this Palm Sunday where Jesus was in our lives from beginning to end.  It was the first time we had ever gone to two Palm Sunday services in our lives.
Monday 10
Early in the morning I took the car back to Enterprise and walked home.  Hb and I went to eat breakfast at our new favorite spot at the Vandy cafeteria.  Came back and delivered Doris Stewart some extra peanuts we had left over.  In the afternoon we went over to the shops on 21st and had a lunch at the same place Hb got her hamburger last week and I got the large house salad and veggie burger.  From there we walked over to the Thai Market and I got for a 2nd time my rice cake and some friend rice for $4.92.  We checked out Belmont University and then walked home.  I started packing for a trip home tomorrow.  The weather today was absolutely gorgeous.
Tuesday 11
Up at 6AM, breakfast at our Vandy spot, said goodbye to Doris Stewart and Wayne picked us up at 9AM and told us his story about a UFO experience.  They are out there.  Sitting in the airport having fun waiting for the flight back home.  I had a great talk with a man who is neighbors with Neil Gorsuch and owns a 100 acre horse farm on the edge of Boulder.  It was one of those awesome conversations that you get every once in a while on an airplane.  Today I hit the big home run.  We talked the gamut, cancer, nutrition, cattle, Whole Foods, conservation easements.  He and I were about the same age.
Wednesday 12
Bank, shopping, mail, sent Sarah the dates for the Arcadian Trail contract.  Never left the house for the rest of the day.
Thursday 13
Hb went to work at the cemetery and I stayed home and worked.  At the end of the day I walked over to Mark's house and back and then had a nice long talk with Patrick and Mindy.  Its good to be back home.
Friday 14
Up early, its spring time here in Oregon and that means a lot more light.  So I am getting up early which I love, its all about this time of year and the spring / summer cycle.  Being back from a two week journey to Nashville I am back in the swing of my life here at home, and dealing with myself and my life.  In the afternoon, I went to get gas for the lawn mower.  Hb and I cut the grass, it was crazy out of control as it had not been cut since probably almost a week before we left for Nashville and this time of year the grass grows super fast.  So getting that done was a big deal.  In the evening we went to hear the live Kirtan band.  Kitzy was back in swing, and afterwards she told me her story of her back surgery and how lucky she was to have had a good operation.  Linda Edwards was there as well.
Saturday 15
First farmer's market of the year was sunny and slightly warm.  Talked to Luke for awhile.  Lunch at Gathering followed by a nice hike out to the Harris covered bridge.  It was our first time driving down that road and the fact it goes through Wren and under the highway was confusing.  Upon getting home I did some yard work and Hb and Patrick had a cocktail.  It was a gorgeous sunny spring day in Corvallis, just the way I like it.
Sunday 16
Peter came over for Easter dinner at 2:30PM and afterwards we watched a movie called Buck.
Monday 17
Caught the 9:30AM bus and got off at Western, walked to the Vitamin Cottage and bought some dates.  Then back into town and ran into Hezekiah on 5th and B streets where he showed me around his amazing music studio.  Then on to the COOP where I ate an early lunch, hung out with Strix / Ron and then had a long talk with Craig from EarthRising.  He lived initially at Earth Rising in the late 70's, left for 20 years, and came back in 1999. Got home around 2:30PM.  It was a cloudy wet day, but my whole adventure was without getting rained on.
Tuesday 18
Walk in the mid afternoon prior to Hb arriving back from Eugene.  Oddfellows in the evening for the business meeting.  We do not want to go to these very often.  It was our first tme seeing Phoenix as the Nobel Grand.  Lee is gone, he headed off to France after his tenure was over.
Wednesday 19
So because the weather is rainy I am going for walks in the morning when its not raining.  Today I did the exact same walk as Monday, buying one item at the VC and walking back to the library where I saw Kerry and Diane and then walked home and got home at 1PM, having caught the 10:30AM bus.
Thursday 20
Dan and Amy's for shiva with Rabbit Benjamin per Amy's father who passed last week.  Tal and Miriam and Jim were there so we had a nice talk with them.
Friday 21
Spoke to Mom in the morning, Dad sent out an email to E which she didn't take in a positive light.  Helped Hb in the afternoon move some dirt from the front yard to the back.  Then went for a walk around the block.
Saturday 22
Long talk with Dad in the morning.  Farmer's market followed by 2:30PM Hoo Haa at James Cassidy's OSU Farm, it was my first time out to the farm and I partied to celebrate my virgin voyage to "the farm".  It was Earth Day and I was happy to be on Planet Earth.  Hb went to Newport with Anya to visit with Wendy Moidel.  I got home around 7PM and because it was dry for the past 2 days decided to cut the grass.
Sunday 23
Our annual Thyme Garden with Ken, last year we missed cause we were in England but the year before was our first year there with Ken.  We went out Decker road which is the way to go.   We saw Steve Rose and Beatrice out there.  The weather cooperated in that it didn't rain, but it was chilly and not much sun.  A good time was had by all.  We met Janet the owner of the farm and Emily her daughter who is next to Luke at the Farmer's Market.
Monday 24
Hb and my first walk around the park since returning home from Nashville.  It was nice out and rained at the tail end of our walk.
Tuesday 25
Hb went to Eugene today, it rained all day and therefore I never left the house.  Its unusual when that happens but today was one of those days where it pretty much was real wet outside and I was busy working away.
Wednesday 26
Tanner is 5 today, he was born in 2012 along with Autumn who's birthday is Dec 28 and Izzy whose birthday is Sep 18, and Koa whose birthday is this Saturday.  So we know alot of children who are 5 years old.  Went for a walk around the block twice and then worked outside for a bit.  The weather is going to be improving drastically in the next couple of days.
Thursday 27
TJ's and VC @ 7PM, then walk around the block with Kathy Miller.  It was a chilly evening, but the skys were clear and the major rain spate we have had is now appearing to be pretty much over.
Friday 28
Lunch with Peter at my favorite Indian restaurant next to Winco.  It was our first time to that restaurant together and it looks like we won't be going back there as Pedro can't eat tomatoes and the dal dish uses tomatoes as a base.  Hang with Mindy, Izzy, and Juniper for the first time ever.  She and I played in the backyard and she marveled at the 2 statues.  She is 19 months old and will be 2 on Sep 18.
Saturday 29
Great day.  Farmer's Market, followed by Koa's party over at the park, followed by hanging at Joe and Suzanne's for the first time.  They have a beautiful place in the woods.  Hanging with Phoenix and Naj and Holly and Johng at the party was real nice too.
Sunday 30
Potluck at Coho.  Hung out with Linda Edwards, Amy, Anne, Bruce, and Anya.  It was a very nice night there.  We helped afterwards with the dishes.  During the day I cut the grass, it was sunny and warm and around 3PM I got motivated to go outside and do some work.  Hb was at her Sunday afternoon drumming workshop.


May


Monday 01
Hb and I went for a walk around the block in the mid afternoon.
Tuesday 02
Hb and I went for a walk around the big block, then went back to look at a property off Park and Linda on the other side.  In the evening we went to our OddFellows meeting.  There was much discussion surrounding the political ramifications of the Soverign Lodge discrimating against a student who won an Odd Fellows contest and was later disqualified due to the fact he was Autistic.
Wednesday 03
Great walk up at Beazell which is 586 acres.  It was our first time there this year and we had the whole place to ourselves.  It was around 80 degrees today, sunny and mildly hot.  Came home and Hb made the turkey soup Phoenix gave us from last night with rice noodles which are yummy.
Thursday 04
Hb and I went to Costco to get my new glasses around 5PM.  Afterwards we walked around downtown and went to the Hasty Freez where we decided NOT to get ice cream.  My eye doctor extended my prescription for one month to get new glasses.
Friday 05
Rained in the morning.  By 6PM it was sunny and chilly.  I went for a walk around the block and spoke to Patrick for a bit prior.
Saturday 06
Farmer's Market followed by shopping.  Linda Edward's 70th birthday party in the evening at Coho.  I helped Judy and Amy clean up afterward.
Sunday 07
Moved dirt in the morning after a long talk with Dad.  Pedro came over and then we went to the plant sale in front of the Art Center.  We had turkey for dinner.  Pedro was supposed to come over, but his high blood pressure is still not good.  I cut the grass after dinner.  Bob Lind, my neighbor Bob, hit a hole in one today.
Monday 08
Costco to pick up my glasses with Hb.  Finishing up dirt moving for this year.  Getting ready to plant seeds this week into the rain.
Tuesday 09
Linda Edwards art opening at the LaSells Stewart Center.  Kathy and Wil were there and we hung out with them along with Linda.  It was a nice evening, and we had fun eating food and talking to them.  Earlier in the day I had a nice talk with Mom and walked around the hood.
Wednesday 10
Hb and I walked over to lunch at the COOP.  We had a nice lunch and I bought some herb seeds to plant in the next few days.  Afterwards we walked home and I called John Zeuli.  I had not spoken with him since before Nashville.  Also, this morning I had a long talk with Peter Day.  In the evening Hb gave a talk at the house on what she learned in Nashville this spring along with a meditation with Tom Kenyon.  Eleven people came to the house at 6:30 and stayed till 9PM.  It was a great night for Hb !
Thursday 11
It rained today and it cleared in the evening and I planted Thai Basil and culinary Thyme both from the Thyme garden.  Afterwards I went over to the COOP to buy some staples.  Hb went to Albany with Renee, Phoenix, Naj and the crew as Renee just got back in town, her father died recently, and they went to see "Wild Hog in the Woods" at Calapooia Brewery in Albany.
Friday 12
Kirtan in the evening.  It was my first time speaking to Sid Rosen whose band's name is Guitar Masala.  I really got into the music this evening.  Some times they really hit it off.
Saturday 13
Farmer's Market followed by lunch at our favorite mexican restaurant in Philomath.  Afterwards I worked outside and planted seeds.  Its that time of year when its raining in mid spring, and the forecast shows wet.  So plant away.  Hang with Mindy and Patrick late in the day.
Sunday 14
In the afternoon Hb and I went for a walk and then we walked over to Peter's.  I spent time with Peter for awhile, I hadn't been over there talking to him since he was back from Hawaii.  He hasn't been feeling good and has been dealing with high blood pressure.
Monday 15
Hb cleaned in the morning and then I went to the dentist around 12:30PM.  I walked around the office and found 2 nice books.  One by Philip Roth and the other one about Cuba.  I went for a short walk after eating an early dinner with Hb and on the way I saw Mushroom and Linda and they told me to plant True Gold corn.  I have the seeds in the ground for squash and the next round in a few weeks will be corn.
Tuesday 16
Tuesday Farmer's Market, met Sawyer's Mom Lisa and Joe who makes the bread.  Spoke to Sharon who just missed a tornado in OK.  The town she was in last night called Elk City, OK was leveled.  Sharon got lucky and dodged a big bullet.  She called when we were at the Tuesday market and I called her back when I got home.
Wednesday 17
Up at 2AM and woke Hb at 3AM.  We left at 4AM and I was back home by 6AM.  First light of day is around 4:30AM at this time of year.  Hb is off to SLC to visit with Pat and Pattie in Park City.  In the afternoon I went to a talk at OSU on possibly rebuilding the Burnside Bridge because of the fear of an earthquake.  Walked home, stopped by the COOP then home for a late dinner.  Then over to Pedro's to finish up a basketball game and tell him about the open house I stopped by on the way home.  It was listed for 265 but the realtor said they will get 285.  Also talked to realtor Casey Green about Zillow and how positive he is on the company.
Thursday 18
First stop was Beatrice's art walk, then the OSU art gallery at Samm's house.  Met Tamara who paints whales.  She is going into I believe the same program as Laura.  Environmental Arts and Humanities.  Then walked back downtown and took the bus to Alexander and walked home.  Then rode over to go to Trader Joe's then onto buy gas for the lawn mower.  Then home to cut the grass.  And it was still light when I was done. 
Friday 19
Pedro came over on his bike.  It was the first time he was on his bike in months, literally.  He basically felt crappy all winter and never went for a ride.  It was great to see him back on the bike.  Boyd stopped by and we chatted for awhile about the special prosecutor for Trump and the "Russia thing".  Later on in the day I went out for a walk with Patrick and Mindy around the block.  Patrick and I both pulled the wagon with Izzy and Juniper in it.  Then I walked over to Tunison and down the tracks south, then back around on Goodnight to Goodpark.
Saturday 20
Farmer's Market.  Bought some True Gold corn seeds from Mario.  Then went home, dropped off some food and met Ken at Central Park for the 6th annual Solidarity Fair.  I had a nice meal of Black beans and chicken.  Wow, good...  Spoke to Strix / Ron and Tim.  Hung out with Ken.  Then we went home and Naj took us out to Blue Rock for a lesson in Sheep Herding 101.  Tim and Raina are awesome.  It was a beautiful evening out there.  Hb comes home tomorrow from Utah.  It was a good trip for everyone.
Sunday 21
Pick Hb up at the airport at noon.  Came home.  Went for a walk in the park after lunch.  We walked down to the river in the woods for the first time this year.  I don't think we went there once over the winter.  It was a nice day, very warm, but not blistering.  I am continuing to water my seeds daily.
Monday 22
Hb bought an azalea plant and we planted it in the late afternoon in the back yard.  In the evening we went to hear a talk by Elena Passarello. Passarello is an actor, writer and assistant professor of creative writing in OSU’s School of Writing, Literature, and Film. Her first book, Let Me Clear My Throat, won the Independent Publishers’ gold medal for nonfiction and was a finalist for the Oregon Book Award. Her essays have appeared in the Oxford American, Slate, Creative Nonfiction, and The Iowa Review, among others, and in the anthologies Cat is Art Spelled Wrong and After Montaigne: Contemporary Essayists Cover the Essay. In 2015, she received the Whiting Award in Nonfiction. The esssays in Animals Strike Curious Poses investigate seventeen different animals made famous by humans
Tuesday 23
Long walk over to Avery Park and onto downtown.  Did about a 2 hour walk.  It was my first long walk in awhile.  I skipped out on the Tuesday market.
Wednesday 24
Worked at the cemetery putting flags on graves who are veterans.  Afterwards we went to the COOP and had a meal.  Ken came by and he sat with us.  Went by Tmobile to pay my quarterly bill.
Thursday 25
Huge long talks with Jim Sigman then Peter Day from 12:30 - 4:30, too much talking but I enjoyed it.  Made reservations for our 2 day trip to the coast in mid June.  Jim is out here from Sam's graduation and is spending his evenings in Florence and we are going there for a BBQ on Sunday.
Friday 26
Up early, I love summer.  I was at the cemetery by 6:30AM and left around 9:30AM.  I finished off the flags for ther veterans.  Stopped by the north COOP to get some bananas and oranges.  Came home and watered my plants which are starting to grow.  In the evening we went for a walk and saw Tal and Miriam.  It was a quiet evening as everyone is out of town for the weekend.  Patrick and Izzy went camping in Christmas Valley.
Saturday 27
Great day as summer kicks into full gear for Mem Day weekend.  Sharon is now officially back from her biking adventure and getting back into her life.  We have decided to attempt to keep writing each other more frequently than normal as we move forward from the incredible journey.  We started off the day at the Farmer's Market.  We spent lots of time speaking to Karen Mayo on the bench next to where the kids splash around in the fountain.  Its quite a scene to watch them as we ate our chocolate macaroon and learned about Karen's adventures in her life.  From there we headed home and picked up a chair for Peter and a BBQ grill for Hb that she will use for her fires.  Hb had a meditation at 2:30PM with 17 people attending including Naj, Renee, Anya, Peggy and Bob, who then stayed for dinner, Jan, Gloria and Diana, Skye, Lynn, Linda Edwards.  Before dinner Peggy showed me and harvested the garlic scapes.  So its good to know that right around Mem Day is the time to harvest the scapes.  You don't want the energy going into the flower but rather have it direct itself towards the bulb.
Sunday 28
Pedro came over around 11AM and stayed till around 2PM.  We hung out in the backyard and chilled out.  Afterwards, I ate my breakfast and then we cleaned out the garage.  Took a bath and chilled out for the evening.  Allergies are crappy this time of year.  Hb went to Rini's for a fire circle.  It was a tad bit windy, and I was happier chilling out at home.
Monday 29
Tyee winery with Peter.  In the evening I shoveled chicken shit out of Patrick's coop into my compost pile.
Tuesday 30
Odd Fellow 5th Tuesday potluck.  Earlier I planted sweet corn in the garden.
Wednesday 31
Talk in the evening at OSU by Dr. Harry W. Greene, Professor Emeritus, Cornell University.  Its one of the best talks I have heard at OSU on "Why should we care about nature ?".  Earlier in the day we went to the Farmer's Market and I bought $20 worth of plants including tomatoes, thyme, onions, celery, and basil.


June


Thursday 01
Took a whole day off and went to Salem.  First stop was Walmart in Albany.  I bought shorts, LED light bulbs for the kitchen, socks, Hb bought a fan.  From there we went downtown Salem to Nordstroms.  I am learning my way around Salem better and now know where the free parking lot is just north of Nordstroms on Liberty.  From there we went to eat at our new favorite place on Commerical south of town on the way home called 
Friday 02
Walk in the late morning followed by job interview with Habla AI.  Spent the rest of the day working and Hb and I went for a short walk around the block and saw Cecilia and Celia.  Cecilia is moving to Portland tomorrow.  Hb and I put the fan together we bought yesterday at Walmart prior to driving to Salem.
Saturday 03
Up early, picked Holly and Koa up at 8:30AM, Reser Stadium.  Worked with Cathy Lorenson at Orchard & 30th and Hb and Holly were one block up.  Afterwards we dropped them off, stopped by the house for a second and then went to the Farmer's Market.  Paul told me that I only have to water seldomly to get the corn going.  We met Melanie from the band "The Space neighbors" we saw last week at Tyee Winery.  Also spoke to Brad from the pork butcher who was also there at the winery.  They are now at the Farmer's market too.  I did some watering in the afternoon, thanks to Paul's advice and the fact that its cloudy and cool there is no need to water every day (for sure).  In the evening Pedro came over and Hb cleaned the inside of his car.  We also "discussed" changing our water filters and I "read" the instructions which is clearly helpful.
Sunday 04
Worked all day.  Hb had her group with Lawrence and folks.  She came home and we went to TJ's around 5PM.
Monday 05
Went for my first run of the summer at 5:30AM.  I ran in two sections and rested in the middle section.  In the mid afternoon Hb and I went to Findley for the hike around the Mill trail.  Allergies were in full bloom and by the time I came home I was hurting.  Luckily, I took a break and am feeling better now.
Tuesday 06
Tuesday market.  Sawyer's moms name is Lisa.  I didn't remember her name today but she remembered mine, and so now I got it.  I will align it with Brian Wehrung's wife Lisa and Lisa Clark whose Mom Ken lives with.  It was a good day today at the market.  Koa was there, and he is quite the young boy.  Earlier I did some watering outside and Hb went to Eugene to hear Michael Tellinger with Anya.  She was meeting Peggy and Bob there for dinner at the Thai restaurant.  Earlier in the day I had a long talk with Gabe.  He is now working all summer at the movie theatre.
Wednesday 07
Decided to upgrade our macs to OS Sierra 10.12.5.  Today was the day.  Did it for both our computers.  No glitches, and was done by 2PM.  Not bad for an OS upgrade day !  I sent an email to Pedro telling him too.  In the evening Hb had her movie with the girls and I went over to Pedro's to watch the Warrior's win in the last seconds against the Cavs.  This is the second year in a row Pedro and I have watched the Cavs and the Warriors in the playoffs.
Thursday 08
In the evening Hb and I went over to OSU for Linda Edwards Fish opening.  Ken Vanderhe was there.  Prior we walked around the part of campus close to LaSells and checked out the cafeteria and Peets Coffee.  Earlier I took Izzy for a walk over to Lilly Park and planted an egg plant I got from Cheryl at the Tuesday market.  Patrick gave us a big plant of grass which we popped in at the corner of the driveway.  It rained today so the ground was super moist.  The corn is starting to sprout as well, very nice.
Friday 09
Kirtan in the evening, had a nice talk with Doug outside prior to the concert.  He got 60 inches of rain at his rain gage so far this year.  Met Dave who plays the Hang drum.  He said go to YouTube to check out more which I did.  Earlier in the day Hb drove up to Salem to get her lab work.  Then she came home and we went to have lunch at the Indian restaurant and then over to OSU to see a photo exhibit on the people of Java.  Came home and went for a walk around the Renee block.
Saturday 10
Hb went out to Philomath for shred day at the bank.  Got to the Farmer's Market around noon.  Mushroom gave us a hug at 1PM.  We had pizza and salad at the American Dream Pizza and then came home.  It was a cloudy rainy Saturday.  Just like I like it in the late spring / early summer.  In the early evening we went for a walk around the block.  We had on our winter coats and hat. The temp at the time of our walk was in the low 50's.  Probably fairly similar to temps any time in late March, April or May.  Really enjoying listening to Bill Evans.  Thank you Gino.
Sunday 11
Went over to Peter's house at 10:15AM to help him change his Reverse Osmosis filter.  During our conversation he predicted that Oprah Winfrey would be our next president.  In the afternoon I went to buy some gas for the mower, mowed the side yard, planted a tomatoe and a pepper.  Cheryl's house for the garden potluck in the evening.  It was a good one.  I came home at dusk and planted a Yacon that Linda Sebring brought for us.
Monday 12
Never left the house, took a bath at dusk.
Tuesday 13
Peter came over and we changed our water filter.  Phoenix stopped by and we went over to Odd Fellows to attempt to change the light bulbs.  We could not figure out how to get the fixture off.  In the evening Hb and I went to the Tuesday market.  Lee Miller was there and Sawyer completed his spinner project.  I am purchasing one from him for $10.  From there we walked over to the Shelter in the park for Charles Goodrich's retirement dinner.  It was a nice event.  We hung out with Boyd, Jan and Mark who goes way back with Boyd when Mark was the manager at the New World Deli.  The evening was crisp, but the blue sky and clouds dominated the late spring light and summer closeness.
Wednesday 14
Walk with Hb around the block.  Phoenix invited us over for chicken soup and to pick rasberries in the back yard.  Afterwards we saw Mushroom and Linda and I am going over to their house tomorrow at 11AM.
Thursday 15
Went over to Mushroom's house to help him set up his new Imac.  Then went over to my favorite Indian restaurant for lunch.  Hb went to lunch with Peggy at Nearly Normal.  Around 8PM we walked to the end of our street and back twice.  It has been misting all day and so it cleared for a moment and we got out of the house.  This has been a very nice summer weather wise so far.
Friday 16
Early in the morning I had a long talk with Nick Secor.  He is doing well, we talked for about 90 minutes which is unusual for Nick.  In the evening we went to the Sr. Center with Ken to see Wild Hog in the Woods.  Our neighbor Helen was there along with her friend Les, also there was Michael and Kerstin.
Saturday 17
Spoke to M&D in the morning.  Pack for our trip to Florence tomorrow.  In the mid afternoon we went for a walk around the park.  It was our first warm sunny day in more than a week.
Sunday 18
Up early.  Direct shot to Florence on 126.  Walked around town and had a nice lunch at the Italian place.  Walked around some more.  In the evening I went for a long walk till dark around the hood of our hotel.
Monday 19
Mellow day prior to going to Jim's.  We had a nice Mexican lunch.  Susie, Sam, Scott, Jim, Ellen, Scott's girlfriend from Ireland, Bobbie and her brother Dick.  Jim served a numerous course meal.  We brought black berry pie we got from Gail 2 nights ago at the Sr. Center.  I gave Sam a $50 graduation present thanks to Hb's encouragement.
Tuesday 20
Long wait for breakfast at the COOP in Florence.  Got to Yachats and walked around for awhile.  Peggy wasn't around so we headed on north and hit the Beachside State park.  Great day on the coast.  Highlight was a 2 hour walk between Yachats and Waldport.  Our best walk on the coast this year.  Dinner in Newport at the Clam Chowder place.  Cobb salad rocked.  Home at 7PM.
Wednesday 21
Water at midday.  Walk from Park and 3rd, into the park and back.
Thursday 22
Hb and I go over to the COOP.  Hb has lunch with Anya, I do some shopping for Millet and Polenta and then walk home.  It was a hot day, but not sweltering like the next 3 days coming up.  Its our first hot days of summer.  In the evening we went to TJ's and then we came home and I went for a walk around the block.  I saw Tal and he told me about a Rugby tournament tomorrow and Saturday.
Friday 23
Hugh stopped by in the morning with Pedro and we hung out for about an hour.  As he was leaving he hit Hb's arm by accident and shattered the glass she was drinking from in the vain of Like Water for Chocolate.  In the evening I spoke to Natalie the little girl who lives in the Spanish house along with her Mom.  She has five kids and the oldest is 20.  Afterwards I had a long talk with Mindy.  Patrick was away installing the wood stove in Halfway.  Mindy was relaxed and hanging out side.  It will probably be one of our final talks prior to her moving away to Halfway.  Having them as neighbors has been marvelous.  We are going to miss them, but they are on their journey and that means going out to Halfway in a more rural setting.  Its what Patrick wants to do, and Mindy is up for the adventure.  Cooper is going to live with his father in Bend.
Saturday 24
We saw Sawyer riding his bike downtown and spoke with him for awhile.  We saw Kerry and Diane riding their bikes home.  I met Joseph from Tye Dye Farm and Jeff Broadie from Lonesome Whistle Farm where he sells polenta like Paul.
Sunday 25
Hb and I went back out to the horse show.  In the afternoon we chilled out.  It turned from hot to cool by the end of the day.  We loved going out to Inavale Farm.
Monday 26
In the mid afternoon we walked over to Holly's trailer and Hb dropped off some clothes.  We did a short walk around the park.  I trimmed back some black berries and poison oak.
Tuesday 27
Massive house cleaning project.  Hb cleaned all of the windows.  I moved my desk out and took all of the books off the shelves and tidied and dusted everything.  We went to the Tuesday Market and I bought tamales and cookies and a big cabbage from Luke.  Luke stopped by our house in the evening and he checked out the bar stools that Hb wants to get rid of.
Wednesday 28
Drove out to Philomath at 9:20AM for a 10AM interview at Alyrica. I met with the CEO of the company whose name is Kevin Sullivan.
Thursday 29
Nick Secor gave me a call this morning and we had a nice chat.  This is the second time this summer that he has called me. Phoenix came over in the morning and we hung out for awhile on the side lawn.  In fact he helped us define the side lawn spot and make use of it more going forward.  We tried it out on Pedro one hour later and then Hb came home from her hair appointment and we all like the new spot.  Afterwards Hb cut my hair and then I watered the lovely corn that is growing nicely.  In the late afternoon we walked down to the park and sat on the bench.  Hb and I are doing well, we are finally moving forward from our inner childs and recognizing where we are at, and getting along like adults on a more consistent basis.  Summer is in full gear, enjoy it !
Friday 30
Swung by the COOP to buy some food for tonight's dinner with Phoenix and Naj.  They came over at 5:30PM and we had fried chicken with polenta, greens and beans.  In the evening Hb went over to Xigam land for a fire with Leon and the Camas ritual.  It was a chilly night and I stayed home and chilled out for awhile.  Can't believe we are at the end of Part I of the 2017 diary, but we are.  On to Part II.




July 2017


Saturday 01
On to part II.  Hit the Farmer's Market at our usual time around noon.  In the afternoon we took a nap and then went for a hike in Chip Ross Park around 6PM.  Afterwards we went to TJ's for our party tomorrow at Scott Stursa's.  It was a beautiful evening and the hike in the forest was perfect.  Last night was chilly and windy, for the fire circle at Renee's which I skipped and Hb attended.  Down on the land it was still, but up at our house it was darn right a cold summer night.  Phoenix and Naj came over last evening and we had a very nice evening having them over for dinner at 5PM.  We saw Tim at the Farmer's Market and spoke to him for awhile.  He is doing well and was also down in Florence at the Odd Fellows camping spot.
Sunday 02
Spoke to M & D in the morning.  I have been speaking to them on Sunday morning and it has been working out well.  Having a regular time in my mind when I speak to them makes it work, and makes me remember when to call them which is important.  We went over to Scott and Kathy's house, Scott is the author of the book "Distilled in Oregon".  It was our first time to their house in a party setting.
Monday 03
Really nice walk in the park in the afternoon.  The weather is perfect.  Pedro came over for dinner.  We had the usual.  We had invited Anya but she wasn't feeling good.  We had a nice dinner.  It will probably be our last dinner with Peter prior to Hb going on her 5 week journey to Utah, Colorado, and New Mexico.
Tuesday 04
We went with Phoenix to the 4th of July celebration.  It was really fun.  We met a woman who works for the electric company out in Newport.  In the evening we went to Phoenix and Naj's for a BBQ.  Renee just got back from her journey.  Tim, Anya, and the gang was there.  It was a gorgeous evening.  And a very nice 4th of July.
Wednesday 05
Went to the bank early this morning to get Hb cash for her trip next week.  In the evening I walked to the end of Park.
Thursday 06
Hb went to get a massage this afternoon from Lawrence and Renee and Jaffer came over afterwards.  In the evening I went for a short walk around the hood.
Friday 07
Left the house at 9AM.  Got the OCF, Oregon Country Fair at 10AM.  Got right in the gate.  Met Peggy and Bob at noon.  Walked around in the afternoon.  Heard Casandra Robertson just before we left.  It was a nice day, sunny, warm and not too hot.  We saw tons of people we knew.  There is no hurry at all to go back any time soon, but I am glad we went once.  Todo bien !
Saturday 08
Farmer's Market at noon, followed by Gathering Together.  Ali was our waitress, and hopefully we can remember her name.  We stopped by Naj and Phoenix's house looking for Hb's hat, but then we came home and Hb remembered it was in my extra black backpack.  Harvest garlic in the evening.
Sunday 09
Up early and was outside by 8AM.  Completed the garlic harvest in the hot sun and finished by 11:30AM.  Pedro came over from his bike ride and we hung out till about 2PM.  Then I went over to Chipotle Mexian grill.  It was my first time eating there in Corvallis and it was yummy.  I sat outside in the hot sun and ate as the inside music and AC was too much for me.  Hb was at her class with Lawrence.  Came home and did a bunch of gardening including cleaning up the wood pile mess in the wetlands.  This time of year you can get in the there and its nice and dry.  I stacked up some old wood, got ride of some blackberries, and got rid of some minimal trash.  Then cleaned up some black berries in other parts of the side yard including the cave.  I was outside from 8AM till 6PM.  It was one of my longest days outside this summer.  Its 85 degrees right now at 7PM.
Monday 10
Comcast guy Michael (541 393 4598) came out to the house and gave us a whole new setup.  So we have a new wire going into the house from the newly dug cable in the new trench all the way to the modem inside my closet.  Spoke to Mom and Dad in the evening.  Hb went to the movie and I spoke to Patrick and Mindy for awhile about their upcoming journey east to Halfway.  Patrick, Izzy and I went to pick blueberries.
Tuesday 11
Tuesday market at 5:30PM.  We talked to Dan and Amy and had fun as usual.  This was Hb's last market before taking off.  We spoke to Ken for awhile about out plans for the upcoming weeks.
Wednesday 12
Lunch with Joseph Sullivan from Active 911 and the development manager Jonathan Woo at Block 15.  I walked downtown and walked home.  Hb leaves on her trip tomorrow morning.  In the evening we went for a walk down to the park, it was our tradition of going into the park prior to a journey out of Corvallis.
Thursday 13
Hb leaves on her big journey for 5 weeks.  She arrived in Belknap by 1PM and is chilling out at the hot springs.  It was a cloudy morning and fairly sunny afternoon.  My first day without Hb was sad but I am enjoying the peace and quiet in a strange way.  Hb is the most important thing in my life by far.  Everything else is really just details.  At 6PM I went to the art opening at OSU.  It was the community event.  Beatrice was there with her daughter and grandaughter whose birthday is October 25.  I sat with an artist who lives at the Menonite Village in Albany and her friend from there as well.  She started painting at age 81 and she is 84.  An inspiration to us all, and especially me.
Friday 14
First early morning run in a long time.  Came home and did a massive watering of the front yard.  Its going to be 85 today.  The weather this summer has been gorgeous.  I had a talk with Bob about his truck.  Pedro called as well about his modem issue.  Also he and I spoke earlier in the week.  Doug in Silver City is NOT going to buy the farm.  He finalized that decision this week in a call to Peter.  Last month Pedro had sent him an email regarding the farm and Martha had gotten back to Peter.  But now its sealed, Pedro will probably end up selling the farm land to one of the neighbors.  In the evening I went to Kirtan, the band played.  It was one of my most moving Kirtans ever.  Sid Rosen will no longer play in the band.  He is moving on in his life after six years.  Hb spent the night in Boise at our friend's house Rita.  Sounds like she had a great time.  Boise is booming like Nashville.  The US economy is clearly on a local upward path. 
Saturday 15
At the fairgrounds by 8AM for the Kinetic Sculpture Race.  Bonnie and I collected money and parked cars till noon.  Then I went to the bank, Farmer's Market (briefly) and on to TJ's to buy a bunch of food.  Hung out for the rest of the day.  Hb arrived in Liberty, Utah at her friend Diane's house safe and sound.
Sunday 16
Internet blow out last night.  Came back on late this evening.  I went to the Kinetic Sculpture Race down at the dock and then walked through the park.  Back at 2:30PM, Ken came over at 3PM.  Peter picked us up at 4PM and we went out to Tim and Raina's for the potluck.  It was the first time at their house.  It was lovely, majical, spiritual, uplifting.  Afterwards Boyd and Jan had their potluck for Mindy's 40th Birthday.  I got their after they left, but hung out with Bob, Heidi, Doug, Jaime, Steve, Jan and Boyd.  At Blue Rock I sat next to Steve Rose and Harry sat across from us in the sun room.  Unfortunately, Naj did not make it.
Monday 17
Great drive down to Monroe on Hwy99.  Cut off at Orchard, Coon Road and circled back to the Earth Rising driveway then on to Steve Rose's house where I picked up "my plant" that I was going to get at Earth Rising earlier in the summer.  Steve also gave me some mushrooms which I will attempt to start growing in the back yard.  Came home and went to get some wood chips over at Coho and then went to get air in my tires and stopped by the COOP to get some Tamari.  Steve Rose's wife Beatrice bought the land back in the 70's and Steve moved in in the 90's.  In the late afternoon I planted the plant I got from Steve and in mid evening went for a walk around the block.  I saw Celia.  She is done with working at the restaurant.  She told me the story, they basically hired "younger" meseras and they wanted her to cook and do dishes.
Tuesday 18
Power blow out at about 9PM so I went to bed at that time.  Earlier in the day Mindy and I went for a walk around the park in celebration of her 40th birthday.  In the evening I went to the Tuesday market and talked to Sawyer, I bought the spinner from him for $11.  Also spoke to Valerie whom I bought 3 cookies from.  Sole whom I bought blueberries from, and Cat o Gata who came down from Albany to sell her vegetables.  She knows Spanish pretty well and has immersed herself in Spanish here in Oregon, a testament to what you can do as well.
Wednesday 19
In the late afternoon I took the bus over to OSU.  Walked over to Circle and Kings and took the bus back home to "Goodpark".  That is my new favorite place to get off the bus.  I spoke to Pedro in the morning for about one hour and in the evening for 2.5 hours on the phone.  My phone is up and running as Hb was driving from Liberty, Utah to Laramie, Wyoming.  She arrived safe and sound in Laramie and spent the night at the Days Inn.
Thursday 20
Hb arrives in Denver at Luke's around 11AM after spending the night in Laramie last evening.  Prior she was in Belknap Hot Springs, Boise with Rita, and Liberty, Utah with Diane.  She left one week ago today.  I nailed down my plans with Martin for Saturday.  In the evening walked across the field where Bell ends towards 99.  Its a nice walk out in that field, but the Hwy is pretty noisy.  It was my first time ever doing that; the whole thing for sure.  It butts up against Luke's farm way at the other end.
Friday 21
Run in the morning followed by watering.  In the evening I hung out with Ken, Gail, and her son Michael at the Sr. Center for their summer BBQ.  Kerry and Diane were working there.  It was a beautiful summer evening.  Perfect weather, and the light is just starting to wane a bit.
Saturday 22
Left my house at 9AM.  U-pick lavender at Mountainside Lavender Farm.  I got a bunch of lavender for Jessica.  Nice lunch at Season's on Barrow's.  It was my first time to that Season's.  We are slowly hitting them all over time.  Arrived at Martin's house at 2:30PM.  Martin worked till 5:30PM so I did a hike up to Council Crest and then another hike down into the Marquam Nature Park.  We had a nice dinner downtown and then Martin and I hung out his swing on the porch till about 11PM.  We had a nice chat.
Sunday 23
Max, Martin and I hiked up to the Pittock Mansion.  We had  really nice picnic and then Martin and I hiked back down.  I left their house at 4:30PM and was home by 6PM.  I5 is a fast track ride.  Stopped by the COOP and picked up some food.
Monday July 24
Watered front yard in the late morning.  In the evening I walked across 99 into the Tunison hood through the back gate and along the tracks back down to Wake Robin.  It was a beautiful summer evening.
Tuesday July 25
Pedro came over at noon and we hung for a number of hours outside on the side yard.  Tuesday market was very nice.  Practiced spanish with Gata y Francesca.  Its very helpful to be in there helping the Spanish move along with a 3rd person.  I met Coral who is friends with Dan and lives at the end of Bell.  I finally remembered Joe's name who lives next door to Kathy Miller, Jen re-introduced him to me.
Wednesday July 26
Big day of talking with Dad, Iris, and Scott Williams and Kathy too.  Scott's dad is not doing well and his mom is resisting folks to come in and help out.  In the evening I walked over to Coho and talked to Linda Edwards in her garden.
Thursday July 27
Long talk with Scott Friedman about work.  In the evening Renee stopped by and we walked over to Dave and Anna's.  Luke and Briana were there and we hung out with them after dinner.  Dave and Anna had just returned from a year long journey to Barcelona.  Back to Renees and then JohnG and I hung out and spoke, I was home by 10:30PM.
Friday July 28
Hang with Patrick and Mindy in the evening.  Izzy, Juni, and Patrick and I did a bike around the block, Patrick biked and pulled the kids and I walked.  Afterwards the kids had ice cream at the house.  Patrick / Mindy are debating selling the house or renting in anticipation of their move to Halfway at the end of August.
Saturday July 29
Farmer's Market in the morning, hung out with Mushroom and Linda and Ken.  In the evening I went over to Xigam land for a naming ceremony for "StormStar" and to help raise Leon's teepee.  It was a nice night and I got home around midnight.  Summer is glorious !
Sunday July 30
Music in the afternoon downtown with the Space Neighbors for the Hours Exchange.  Pedro showed up and we hung out listening to some very nice acoustic guitar.  Afterwards I went to Bina's 60th Bday party at her farm.  I met some very nice younger people who inspired about life including Kyle who Michele and I had met over 1 year ago downtown walking down the street.  We helped Bina load up her chairs at the end of the night.
Monday July 31
Beautiful dinner at Jan and Boyd's.  Got there at 5:30PM and stayed till dusk.  I love hanging out with those guys and being with them made me feel really nice.  They are part of my family.


August


Tuesday August 1
Tuesday market followed by Odd Fellows Meeting.  We had a snack and I helped clean up.  I got an Odd Fellows T-shirt.  Everyone wanted to know about Hb and how her trip was going.  It was over 100 degrees today.
Wednesday August 2
It was over 100 degrees today, up around 105.  Hung with Steve in the evening he just got back from his river trip and I did some watering for him this morning.  Also, Mindy and I went for a walk around the block with Juniper as Patrick and Izzy went to the County Fair.
Thursday August 3
Ken stopped by in the late afternoon and we set up our pick tomorrow.  At 6AM I went for a run around the park.  It was around 105 degrees today.
Friday August 4
Up at 5AM.  Left the house around 6:30AM.  Out at Andrea's with Ken before 8.  Picked till about 1PM.  Back to Ken's house.  Spent a bit of time with his housemate Carol and checked out Ken's property for the first time.  Stopped by TJ's on the way home along with Walmart to pick up some Freezer bags for the blueberries.  I picked 4 buckets of blueberries and kept 2.  Tonight was a much cooler evening.
Saturday August 5
Farmer's Market in the morning.  Helped Luke pack up afterwards.  In the evening I went over to Pedro's and hung out in the garage with Ken till dark.
Sunday August 6
Mellow day at home.  My hamstring tightness caused me simply to walk up and down the street alot today.  In the morning I trimmed back the trees with my newly purchased Bow saw I bought at Robnett's yesterday.  It worked well.  I had a long talk with Pedro mid afternoon.
Monday August 7
Spoke to Iris in the evening and went for a short walk.
Tuesday August 8
Got up early and walked to the end of Ryan.  I am going to start going for shorter walks.  Ocho Ocho Ocho fiesta as year 17 adds up to 8.  It was a good evening.  Hung out with Dan and Holly up on the porch after everyone else had gone home.  Also met Jared's girlfriends Hannah whose mother's name is Mindy and lives in Sweet Home.
Wednesday August 9
First time going for a big walk in awhile.  I walked over to WL.  My hamstrings are feeling better.  I don't think I will be going for another run any time soon.  Hb leaves ABQ this morning and drives to Sedona for her 1st night out on the road.
Thursday 10
Hb drove from Sedona to Las Vegas and spent the night at the LaQuinta at the north end of Vegas close to Summerlin and Whole Foods.  Short walk around the block in the evening at dark after talking to Johng, and Steve Taylor outside for awhile.  His daughter got a job working in DC as an attorney.
Friday 11
Patrick, Mindy and the kids dropped by and then I went over to OSU for the eclipse art opening.  Today was a much cooler day.  Hb drove from Las Vegas to Sacramento and arrived there around 6:30PM.  It was 2 hours from South Lake Tahoe to Sacramento.
Saturday 12
Hang with Ken at the Farmer's Market.  Indian Food for lunch and paid my phone bill.  Then hiked up Dimple Hill Road till it turned into the McDonald Forest.
Sunday 13
Cleaned the house in the morning and made food for the pot luck this evening at Steve Rose's house.  Absolutely lovely evening, crem de la crem.  Ken and I headed out and went for a very nice walk from Bellfountain Park.  Then over to Steve's for a gorgeous sun set garden tour and potluck.  Lee was there along with Janice Rosenberg and her husband.  Steve's garden is the BEST on the tour and he is a classy, very intellectual top notch guy.  Ken and I got home after dark and unfortunately had to spray the bees in the door above my eve.
Monday 14
Hb drives from Sacramento to Corvallis with a stop in Ashland for lunch at the COOP.  She arrived home around 7PM and we went for a walk around the block and stopped off in the "Graze the Maze" at Oatmar's.  We then met a new lady from Bulgaria whose name is Milena Simeonova.  Earlier in the day I spoke to Pedro about the weekend and talked alot to Hb on the drive home.  She got off at Exit 216 and cut across to Peoria road.
Tuesday 15
At the end of the Tuesday market I walked down to the farm with Luke and helped him tend his pigs and round up his chickens.  I bought some figs from Dan Crall and ordered some chard from Shari.
Wednesday 16
Walk around the block with Mike and Kerstin then another walk and ran into the journey group finishing up their circle.
Thursday 17
Hb and I walked over to get Chard from Sheri's fridge that I ordered on Tuesday.  Market of Choice and TJ's for food prior to eclipse.  Pedro came over and he hung out with Hb, she showed him pictures and we talked for awhile outside afterwards.  In the evening we went to a talk on the eclipse, but I left soon after arriving and walked home.  It was a gorgeous late summer / early autumn evening in Oregon.
Friday 18
Hang with Dan, Amy and Joe over at Coho for chips and salsa outside.  Prior we were at Linda's place as Hb got her Eclipse painting / print from Linda.  Patrick came over at sunset to hang with us and check on the door hinge.
Saturday 19
Farmer's Market, lunch at Bellhop.  Hb gave Bina her silver guitar pick.  Sharon arrived and we had a nice dinner.  Afterwards we went down to the park to see Wild Hog and then over to Coho for Ecstatic dance.  It was a gorgeous lovely late summer evening.  We saw Mark and his new dog Joey.  He has had Joey for one week.
Sunday 20
Eleventh street festival. Hung out at the park there with Wil, Kathy, Brenda and her ex-husband.  Later in the day we went to Renee's and Hb gave her talk about the eclipse.  We stayed till after dark and hung out with everyone.  Ken was there and we had a nice potluck.
Monday 21
Eclipse day.  Hb and I sat on top of the world at Renee's and watched the ecipse.  Pedro and Sharon were there.  Afterwards we went over to Coho for a potluck and afterwards had a lively conversation with Michael Townsend from Eugene.  Amy Becker participated in our discussion.  Afterwards Sharon showed us a slide show of her trip to tornado ravaged Oklahoma.
Tuesday 22
Hike from the Oak Creek entrance to Dimple Hill.  Sharon and I took 3 hours to get up to the Dimple, and were back down in half the time.  We stopped by TJ's on the way home, and then had a nice dinner at home followed by a poetry reading on Lois's book Night Ladder.  Sharon is very sharp, clear, and insightful about life and especially poetry.  On the trail today we met another whacko whose name was Michael.
Wednesday 23
Breakfast with Sharon and then she headed off to Oakridge.  Hb and I went for a walk in the evening down to the park.  Earlier in the afternoon Jan came over and hung out with us and we talked about the eclipse.  She brought us some vegetables from Doug and Jamie's garden.
Thursday 24
Walk in the late afternoon then cleaned out the garage and some clean up around the house.  Earlier in the day I went by to say goodbye to Patrick and Mindy.  The kids were at the sitter and it was quiet briefly for them.  They are busy finishing things up.  They leave on Sunday evening.  The found renters for $1400 per month.
Friday 25
Hb went to get the oil changed.  Kirtan in the evening at Angelica's house followed by mom and dad visit at the hotel.  They had a nice dinner in Salem on Lancaster at La Hacienda Real.  Their drive down from Portland was un-eventful, which is a good thing.  I had a nice talk with David Friedman.  For the first time he mentioned he wants to possibly going into quantitative finance.
Saturday 26
Farmer's Market in the morning followed by lunch at Gathering Together with M & D.  Afterwards we came home and I had a long talk with Pedro.  In the evening we went over to Jan and Boyd's to say goodbye to Patrick and Mindy who are leaving in the next couple of days.
Sunday 27
Mom and Dad came over for a nice lunch.  We showed them around the garden and after lunch drove over to the river and walked up and down the esplanade at the park.
Monday 28
I go over to M & D's hotel in the morning to hang out with them.  Dad picks me up, we go to Mother's beauty shop,  then back to the hotel.  We talk for awhile, then Hb comes by their hotel and we go to lunch at Block 15 and then walk around downtown a bit.  It was a very hot / smoky day as fires are raging in the Cascades to the east and probably north as well.
Tuesday 29
Patrick and Mindy leave at lunch time.  Patrick comes over looking for his cat and we had a send off party for him in our garage with me and Hb.  COOP with my parents for lunch, then back here to go over some Google docs stuff and M & D finish up their laundry.  In the evening we had our 5th Tuesday Pizza potluck at Central Park, it was M & D's final evening in Corvallis.  Tomorrow they had back to Portland.  They got to meet Johngi, Naj, Bonnie, Renee, and her sister who was in town, Ken, John C.
Wednesday 30
I arrive at The Hilton Garden Inn by 8:45AM and sat down to a nice breakfast with M & D.  Afterwards I helped them pack a bit and then took off.  Hb and I went for a glorious hike in the Arboretum in the afternoon.  The weather was perfect, not too hot.  A grand ole time was had by all.  We came home, had a nice dinner of leftovers from the other night when M & D were here, and then we watered outside.
Thursday 31
M & D arrive home safe and sound as well as Sharon.  I got notes from both parties; meaning we are back to our own gig here in Corvallis and the guests are tucked in back at home safe and sound.  Hb and I went for a long walk out to WL.  We got home at dark.  It was a warm, lovely late summer evening at home in Oregon.


September


Friday 01
Pedro came over to dump out some watermellon rinds and we hung for a bit then we drove to Eugene.  I did my walk to Sundance and then we went over to the Thai restaurant for lunch.  On my walk as I was sitting under a tree a chipmunk peed on me as I was reading Jane Austen's book Persuasion.  Reading her book was very nice.  After lunch we went to Whole Foods and walked around downtown a bit.  Hb bought some shoes and a book at our favorite book store downtown and I read more about Jane Austen.  We got home around 7PM.
Saturday 02
Picked Kathy Miller up at 9:30AM.  Stopped in Alsea at the Mercantile.  Then hike on the beach in Waldport and met Naj and Phoenix at the big-stump.com.  Had a nice lunch back at Alice's house and then went back out on to the beach after Gloria gave me a potion of a piece of brownie.  It was a glorious afternoon and the sun from the morning gave way to fog, wind and beauty.  Then we did a hike in the forest on the Sunami get away trail up the hill in the coastal redwoods / big trees.  Lovely.  Hit the road at 6PM and back home on 34 I am sitting here typing this before 8:30PM.  So we got home just before 8PM, and was at the bottom of Mary's Peak by 7:30PM.  There are NO LIGHTS between here and the coast.
Sunday 03
Mushroom's 75th birthday party at 4:30PM at the Majestic Theatre.  The Space Neighbors and Cassandra Robertson played along with Nick's other band Elemento and Melanie from the Space Neighbors did a few of her own songs.
Monday 04
Long walk down to Herbert along the RR tracks.  It was my first time ever doing this walk.  I had been angling towards it, but now that I found the road we are golden.  A new walk for me is in place and that is really good news.  After returning home I had a long talk with Rand.  He called me about 6 weeks ago and I just got around to calling him back.  UU Tuna Potluck at Avery Park.  We sat with Milena Simeonova, Anya, Debbie, Tim Dehne, and met Jodi Sorenson and her partner Joe Martines who plays music out at Imagine Coffee.  We were the one of the last ones to leave and had a nice time despite the hot weather and smoke in the air.
Tuesday 05
Walk around down town before Odd Fellows Meeting.  Walk up stairs and Phoenix tells me there is an initiation, so I bolt walking home.  Great talk with Mark and his dog Joey on Bethel for quite awhile.  He told me about humans need for sensation and that is why we are addicted to our devices.  Note my Dad and his need for the internet.  Muy interessant.
Wednesday 06
In the evening we stopped by Peter's house after our walk.  Earlier in the day I went to the Farmer's market to buy apples from Leslyn Rasmussen. It was the first cool day in many, and it looks like the hot temps have finally broke about 1 week later than normal.  It usually happens around Sep 1.  I have lived here long enough now to start to recognize weather trends in the valley.  Life is moving along quickly, enjoy it ! 
Thursday 07
First rain in a long time and only the 2nd rain of the summer.  Hb did a bunch of yard work and I cleaned up and walked over to the park.  On the way home I saw Wil and Kathy who had gotten back from the coast a few days back.  We took Kathy over there last Saturday.
Friday 08
Went to buy gas and hit TJ's early in the morning.  I learned my TJ's Brown Rice Bread is gone, yep, your favorite bread in the world is NO longer available in Corvallis.  Don't be attached to the bread, the universe is telling you that you are no longer supposed to eat bread every morning.  I really didn't need it anyway, and so its OK.  In the evening we went to OSU for an art opening and then over to Kirtan with the live band.  It was the first appearance of the live band without Sid Rosen.  Email of Brown Rice Bread.
Saturday 09
Farmer's Market around noon.  We talked to Renee's friend Brad who we saw in Waldport last weekend, also Leon.  Brad Burnheimer does blood sausage.  In the evening we went over to Joe and Suzanne's for Michael's 3rd birthday.  I met Robert Pfaff who is Joe's boss and the owner of Left Coast Cellars.  We had a nice evening and gave Anya a ride out there.  On the way home it was raining, what a concept for a dry firy summer in oregon.
Sunday 10
Long walk in the park after breakfast, back around 1PM.  At 4PM Ken and I went to Earth Rising, Hb went to a talk with Angelica at OSU.  We had a beautiful evening, and the weather was perfect, sunny and warm.  Craig, Delbert, Mahagoney, and Lee were all there participating in the festivities.  I met a lady Margaret who works at Breitenbush and is friends with Katy Stokes, she was evacuated due to the summer fires.
Monday 11
Walked to the bus and rode downtown.  Got some good books and talked to Abi, Jason's daughter on the bus ride home.
Tuesday 12
Tuesday market, helped Luke clean up.  Talked to Nancy, the WPark cleanup manager.  Hb had her group here this evening.
Wednesday 13
In the afternoon we walked over to Renee's and talked about her internet with Brad who is taking off tomorrow.  We then went on a walk with her in the park.  Came home and I cleaned up some black walnuts in the back yard.  This time of year is as good as it gets.  Its mid 70's, sunny and warm.  I love it !
Thursday 14
Thanks to Hb we decided to do the gutters now instead of waiting for a few weeks.  So we got them cleared out of crud and now all we will have to do is deal with the leaves.  Went for a short walk around the block afterwards.
Friday 15
At 5PM I walked downtown to Odd Fellows for the 6PM welcome home gathering for Lee and Claude who were in France since April.  We met Alan from Summit.
Saturday 16
Phoenix came over in the morning and we hung out, picked some grapes, and talked with Hb.  Then we went to the Farmer's Market, it was a slightly smoky day. Impending rain will be well appreciated.  Afterwards we went to the COOP to get some staples.  Worked in the yard in the afternoon till dark picking up pine cones, needles, and early autumn yard maintenance.  This morning I had a nice talk with Dad.
Sunday 17
Hang with Naj and Phoenix at their house making grape juice from the vines Phoenix and I picked on Saturday, plus their own grape arbor.  It was a lovely day, and the first day of rain of the autumn season.  Afterwards we went for a nice lunch of falafel and chicken downtown at the restaurant next to Del Alma.
Monday 18
Over to JohnG's at 4PM to help him with cut and paste.  It was a rainy afternoon but I did not get very wet.
Tuesday 19
Walk around the park late morning, Tuesday market.  It was a rainy day, but sunny on our walk and drizzly when we went over to the Tuesday market.  We found out today that Cheryl Good is from Canada.  We never knew that, kind of interesting.  I told her some of my best friends are Canadian Bill.
Wednesday 20
We turned on the heat today for the first time, autumn officially starts tomorrow.  We went out to Adair Village at 5PM with Phoenix and Naj for the first annual OddFellows Unsung Hero Event.  It was a lovely night and the mayor was the master of ceremonies.
Thursday 21
Tunison Park annual event.  The weather broke and it was gorgeous.  The whole crowd was there and we had a nice walk there and home.
Friday 22
Kirtan in the evening.  Real nice walk around the hill block next to the UU.  It was our first time doing the big loop.  I did it one time last year.
Saturday 23
Farmer's market followed by Fall Festival followed by harvesting all of the corn and getting the bed ready for dirt hopefully next week.  Bina started us out with some plum cake, and then we talked to Wil and Byron at Fall Festival.  We had a nice lunch at our new favorite restaurant in town called Little Morroco.  Phoenix turned us on to the restaurant last weekend after we made grape juice with him.
Sunday 24
Bob and Peggy arrive at 11AM and we hit the Fall Festival.  We ate lunch together then they went on to the drumming circle and I stuck around for the big outside.  Everyone was there and I was partying big time.  Just after Hb went to the drum circle I went for a short walk on Jefferson, sat down on the side lawn and spoke my kirtan mantra, then headed on to the music.  Afterwards I hung out with Renee, Kathy, Gloria, and Diana and we had a nice meal together.  Bob and Heidi gave me a ride home and I did some digging in the front yard getting ready for the dirt.  Then Hb arrived home with the gang and they went home and Hb and I did a walk around the park.  The weather was perfect, mid 70's, sunny and a crisp blue sky.  It doesn't get any better.
Monday 25
Got our standard 7 yards of dirt today for $210.  The price went up a bit from the usual $28 per yard to $30 per yard this year. Went over to Boyd's this afternoon to get another bag of grapes.
Tuesday 26
Hb had her maiden meeting with Tim and Anya at 10AM for the Odd Fellows Spiritual group.  I took the bus downtown, stopped by the bank and the library and took the bus home.  Spoke to Tim for awhile then had lunch at the COOP.  We went out to the end of Woods Creek Road and headed down the C2C trail instead of "up the hill".  Came home and had beans for dinner and then I walked over to the Tuesday market and met Chris von Lobedan a pastor from Coos Bay.
Wednesday 27
In the early evening Hb and walked through the cemetery and back around to Renee's land.  It was a warm, gorgeous night.
Thursday 28
Pedro came over and we hung outside for awhile, then we went to lunch at the COOP and afterwards I walked downtown and took the bus home.  Hb leaves for her Tom Kenyon trip to Seattle.
Friday 29
Walk around the block late in the day.  Went to bed at 7PM, I haven't done that for awhile.
Saturday 30
Farmer's market in the morning.  Got a boat load of peaches from the peach lady.  Did some peach processing in the afternoon.  In the evening I went for a walk passed Angelica's house and then over to the new market in Southtown next to Tride and True.  Its a retail / wholesale asian mexican store.  Kind of interesting.


October


Sunday 01
Ken came by at 1:45PM and we headed out to Jen's house in Lebanon for her annual pot luck outside.  It was a gorgeous day.  I met Austin's brother Brenner, his Mom Julie as well as Jen's Mom Carol and Dustin, the father of Sonny.  It was a great afternoon heading into the early evening with a nice potluck and campfire.  Jen has a beautiful spot that heads out into the woods.  Ken and I left at dusk, hung in Lebanon for a bit on the river and then drove home.  Its not far, and it was a gorgeous evening.  We got home just at dark.
Monday 02
Work outside in the afternoon.  Day 1 of moving dirt from the pile over to the fig tree bed.  Digging out the edge of the bed so we can put in one row of garlic there.
Tuesday 03
In the afternoon I put all of the dirt of the fig tree bed, so that is done and ready to plant garlic.  I went by the Tuesday market till about 6:30PM and then went to the first Tuesday Oddfellows meeting.  After the meeting I hung out for awhile and spoke to Brad, Charlie, and Bill Koch, Tim was there too.  It was a nice evening and getting to know Charlie a bit better was nice.
Wednesday 04
Went to see David Harrelson, from The Confederated Tribes of Grand Ronde at the Majestic Theatre.  It was a superb talk about the native people's of the Williamette Valley.  Earlier in the day I worked outside some more on the bed next to the Fig Tree bed.  Hb got home today around 1PM, back from her journey to Tom Kenyon and spent some time in Camas.
Thursday 05
Hb cut my hair today.  We went to OSU this evening for the art opening.  Wil was there along with Dale Donovan, and Mike Bergen who is also in the Philomath Studio Tour.  It was a full moon and a lovely day.
Friday 06
Gathering with Suzanne and Pedro at New Morning Bakery followed by a nice walk over to Chipotle Mexican Grill.  I sat outside which is the only way to go there.  Last time I ate there it was hot and sunny, but if you go at that time of day you can catch the corner which is shaded.  The veggie bowl gets free guacamole.  Did some dirt moving into the bed west of the fig tree bed.
Saturday 07
Nice spiritual conference in Albany with Bob and Peggy.  Got some good info on different topics including CBD's.  Afterwards we had a nice lunch at our favorite restaurant in Albany, then on to Costco for some staples.  Then we went downtown to the Merry Go Round that just opened in August of this year.  We had ice cream and watched folks / mainly kids have fun.  It was a gorgeous autumn evening.  We came home and harvested our plant.
Sunday 08
Creative Options housing Tour.  We met Kevin Groh who builds sustainable homes for Habitat for Humanity.  Very interesting new building designs for an air tight home.  Pot luck at Katy Stoke's with Ken and Anyaa.  It was a gorgeous evening, and the light and folks were perfect.
Monday 09
Hb went to Newport to hang out with Peggy.  In the afternoon I moved the final dirt load into the garlic patch and cut back some blackberries on Jen's grapes.  Steve drilled some screws into his side fence as I was pounding nails for him.  Hb and I went for a walk around the block afterwards.
Tuesday 10
Tuesday market, it was cold and wet, but not rainy.  I got some amaranth seed from Cheryl which hopefully I will plant in the next week or so.  We are coming to the end of the season, there are only several Tuesday markets left.  I made a reservation today to go down to Florida.  Southwest had a big sale and I caved in and made my plans accordingly.
Wednesday 11
Walk around the park and just before that we went for a walk around the block with Pedro who came over to hang out, so we just went on a walk with him on his bike.  In the evening Hb went over to Phoenix's house for a Harmony meeting.  We learned this evening from Russ that we are good to go for Ashland on Nov 01.
Thursday 12
It rained during the day but in the late afternoon the rain stopped and Hb and I took the bus downtown, walked around OSU campus, stopped by the library to drop off some books, took the bus home, and walked around WL after getting off the bus at my new favorite bus stop.
Friday 13
Johngi's birthday, he is 68.  We picked him and renee up at the COOP and went over to Kirtan.  Kathy Miller was there.  It was the live kirtan band.  it was a good one.  anya traveled with us as well.
Saturday 14
Farmer's market, hung out with Bina, then Gail and Michael.  Gail was in Ireland.  Ethan's birthday was a few days back, he was 42.  Over to TJ's then back home for some TJ's turkey and beans followed by processing my harvest to sunset and putting it in jars.  At sunset I went for a walk around the block.
Sunday 15
More harvest prep and prepare.  Hours exchange at the New World Deli.  Came home and planted the garlic.  Then we went over to Coho for its 10th birthday.  Ken invited us when we were at hours.  Talked to Dan and Amy as well.  We like going to Coho. I spoke to Stony and he confirmed that he got the money from Janelle.  It was a gorgeous sunny day.
Monday 16
Tried turning the city side of the water meter and that was hopeless.  Boyd must be pretty strong.  In either case, I found someone to change the valve and also research buying a new hot water heater.  Did some garden work and went for a walk with Hb down to the river at dusk.
Tuesday 17
Spoke to Rand and Tessie on Skype today for over 1.5 hours.  It was the first time ever talking to Tessie and Rand on Skype.  At 4:30PM Hb and I went to the Bike meeting at the COOP on the new proposed bike path in southtown.  Afterwards we went to the Tuesday market and I hung out with Mark and Oatmar.  It was Mark's first time this year at the market and he was playing his flute.  We stayed till the end and walked home together.  He, Oatmar, and I hung out till the end standing around the fire.  I also spoke to Tal about the hot water heater and we got that issue resolved.  I bought some tamales and came home and had one.  In the evening I spoke to Peter.
Wednesday 18
Up early, Craig from Judson plumbing came by to replace our shut off valve.  It took him one hour including the time it took the city to get here and then come back.  In the afternoon I went to buy some gas for the lawn mower in anticipation of cutting the lawn next week.  Went back to Robnett's to get a wrench to turn the nut below the shut off valve incase there is some minor leakage.  Then we went for a nice walk with Wil around the park in the woods.  It was our favorite walk and Wil came out of Kathy's house to go on a walk with us.  It was the perfect weather afternoon and a good time was had by all.
Thursday 19
3rd Thursday Art walk.  Met Sue Korn at Beatrices.  Spoke with Walley too.  Cheney from the Hardware Store was our first stop.  At the end of the evening we were at Fred Amos studio and his wife Mary who always cooks good food.  It was a rainy day, and a nice evening as the rains subsided for a few hours.  It was perfect.
Friday 20
Richard Misrach photo lecture at OSU in the evening.  Earlier in the day I went for a walk before 9AM and it rained on me on the way home.  I walked across 99 and did a loop back.  Spoke to M & D about their upcoming decision to finally move out of 5000 5th Ave into the assisted living facility.
Saturday 21
More talks with M & D about their upcoming potential move, the costs associated with it, and the drama from it.  It was a rainy day here in Corvallis, one of the first big time rainy days of the year, in fact, it was so bad I didn't even go to the Farmer's Market.  In the evening Gloria had her house warming party for her new house behind our dentists office.  In fact she met him, and will be going to him to get some dental work done.  It was a nice small group of Leon, Dan and Amy, Phoenix and Naj, Cedar who is leaving tomorrow for San Diego on his annual winter voyage down south, Suzanne who is sensitive to smells and we first met last year at Kathy Miller's and I gave her John Gutman's email address, Diana, Gloria and Bruce.  Bruce and I talked about nuclear energy this time and it was very interesting.  He was into nuclear energy at Reed College but afterwards decided that it was not fair for humans to create this mess and leave it to future generations of living species for millions of years and so now he is vehemently opposed to it.  He mentioned a company in Corvallis called NuScale Power which people here should be aware of.
Sunday 22
Started out the day at Dale Donovan's Studio for our annual Philomath Studio Tour.  It was his birthday so we had chocolate cake, Dale turned 74 today.  Afterwards at 2PM we went to the library to hear an excellent talk on Big Foot by Robert Michael Pyle, it was superb.  Afterwards we stopped by Block 15 and Hb had a burger and fries.  At home, we went for a short walk around the block.  Leonard was selling his apples for 50 cents a pound.  We have apples or I would have been in to buy some.  The autumn leaves are in full peak, especially around the library area.
Monday 23
Out to Greengables to buy our annual winter squash haul.  This year we only got about 20 bucks worth of squash which was 64 pounds.  Aftewards we had lunch at the Thai place out there.  Hb doesn't like the Pad Thai but I did.  The lunch special was $9.95 plus a buck for rice.  In the late afternoon I got my first haul of leaves and went for a short walk around the block.
Tuesday 24
Went over to JohnG's at 4:30PM, I helped him download Firefox and Chrome and then we went for a walk around the block past Dave and Anna's house.  HayDuke was inside.  Then over to the Tuesday market.  It was a glorious day in Oregon; and the Tuesday market was just as perfect.  At dark Mark and I walked home after we sat around the fire for the 2nd Tuesday in a row with Renee and Kathy and Cheryl.
Wednesday 25
Started collecting leaves at around 2PM.  Worked till dark on different things.  My neighbor Ken on Bell lent me his big trailer with wheels on it.  I raked his leaves and got leaves at the end of the street next to the big barking dog.  Afterwards I cut the grass, drained the hoses and enjoyed the autumn day accordingly.
Thursday 26
Hb and I walk over to Avery Park and around the river loop.  Its been awhile since we did that.  Then we stopped by the COOP and we walked downtown and I hit the bank.  Then we took the bus home and I hit the mother lode in leaves.  I filled in the upper side garden.  The lower side garden had leaves in it from last year and with this big load of leaves I decided to fill in the upper part.  The leaves were at the end of Mason, and make a left on Thompson.  I worked outside till about 8:30PM.  The moon was out and most of the time I only had on 2 T-shirts.  Around the last load I put on my sweat shirt.  I love hauling leaves.
Friday 27
Spoke to Dad in the morning.  Jan and Boyd arrived home today from a month long journey.  Hb and I went to lunch at the Indian restaurant downtown.  It was my first time eating there, but Hb and I had been there in the past but I did not eat.  It was good and better than the other restaurant in town.  I walked over to the bank on campus and then home through Avery Park.  I saw Luke at the Mexican grocery in southtown and then he gave me a ride back to his place.  I walked home from there and did the gutters.  Another gorgeous day in OR.  Shorts and a T-shirt was all I needed.
Saturday 28
Pedro showed up around noon and we sat outside for hours.  It was a perfect warm day in OR.  After Peter left Doug, our neighbor showed up for awhile.  He is going to Thailand in 2 weeks.  We went to Marvin and Margaret's Figley Up party for the first time this evening.  It was a beautiful party with super duper energy.
Sunday 29
Hb went to the Lawrence journey group with Anya and I went to the Philomath studio tour.
Monday 30
Hit the 2nd mother lode of leaves in front of Curt's house.  Hb had her first chiropractor appt with Don Peterson.  Angelica came over in the evening to pick up her coloidal silver.
Tuesday 31
Hb was going to Oddfellows and she dropped me off downtown for Trick or treat downtown.  Then I walked over to King's caught the bus and went home.  I talked to the bus driver downtown and she started driving the bus in her late 20's in the late 80's.  Hb took off for Oddfellows and I went to the Tuesday market.  It was a great evening with Atole from Francesca and hot cider from Michael and Cheryl.  Then Coho for cookies and cider then over to Mark's house to hang and see some treaters as well.  It was a gorgeous day and the night was very chilly on my walk home.  I love living in OR especially in our hood of southtown.  We are now off to Ashland.


November


Wednesday 01
Up at 6AM, left house at 9AM.  Mamosa's in Grants Pass by 1PM.  We took I5 into Ashland instead of going the back way this time.  We got into our place around 3:30PM then headed over to the COOP for some stuff.  Short walk into town and that was the day.  In the evening I had a nice talk with Mom who had called us last night.
Thursday 02
Walked into town the back way just east of our house.  We had never walked that way before, but it was nice.  After lunch at the COOP we walked around town a bit and then into Lithia Park.  The leaves were past their peak but still gorgeous.  The day was chilly but not cold.  Autumn in Ashland is lovely and Hb and I are real happy, fortunate, appreciative and blessed to be back here again.  In the evening we went to a book reading at the local book store.  The lady, author was nice but the talk was not very good.  We left just prior to her finishing up.
Friday 03
It was a rainy day in the morning but by afternoon it was starting to clear a bit.  Hb and I went into Medford.  We got some gas along the way then on to TJ's and the TMobile store to renew my 90 day license.  Then from there we had a fantastic lunch at los tres Potrillos in Phoenix.  Potrillos means baby horse or foal.  The food was incredible, it was authentic mexican food and they made their own tortillos.  I was in tortillo heaven.  In the evening we went to the 1st Friday art walk and landed at a gallery where we heard Grant Ruiz and Dan Fellman.  That motivated our trip tomorrow to the winery to check out where they will be playing next Saturday night.  Hb picked up a CD from them.
Saturday 04
Went to the Belle Fiore winery for a nice lunch.  Then did a very cool hike from there on the side of a massive hillside with tons of oak trees and lots of mud.  It was a great day there.
Sunday 05
Hb and I went to church in the morning at the UU, it was our first time there.  Afterwards we went to the COOP to pick up some salmon for dinner.  It was kind of a rainy day so we stayed in the rest of the day.
Monday 06
Left the house at noon to a room filled with sun after a cloudy morning.  We walked till 1pm and then hit a Dream workshop from 1 - 2PM at the Washington Federal Bank Building with the coffee shop inside it and the community room.  Afterwards we went to the COOP for lunch.  Then we went to the library for awhile and read.  At around 4PM we walked up Gresham to the very top of the hill.  Then did our loop back through the park.  It was a beautiful sunny day, slightly warm and perfect Ashland autumn weather.
Tuesday 07
Walk with Hb down Laurel to the freeway then swing back around on Oak.  We saw the llamas at the end of the road and sat by the creek.  Stopped by the COOP briefly to get a few items then headed on home.
Wednesday 08
Right after breakfast we headed up towards the PCT.  It was a brisk wind, but slightly warm and cloudy sort of.  We first did the Tubs OR State Park.  Then we hit the Greensprings Restaurant which turned out to be a very interesting experience because we met a young woman who knew Kaypatcha.  It was the first person Hb had met who knew him personally.  She had lived in Costa Rica in the town of Punta Mona.  Afterwards we hiked the north side of Hwy 66 on the PCT.  Last time we did the south side.  There was snow on the trail but it was beautiful.  We got home around 3PM and did a nice meal here at home.
Thursday 09
Hb goes downtown to hang out for awhile.  We go to lunch at the Indian restaurant and I don't eat anything.  I come back home and then we go for a walk through the park.  We discover a Chinese lady picking Gingko berries which inside house a nut.  Later we meet her husband.  They communicate via Google translate on their phone.  She is Chinese and speaks no English, he no Chinese.  Earlier on our walk we met a man looking for the Japanese garden which we later discover is magnificent.  We never knew about it till now.  The day is relatively warm for this time of year and peace is in the air.  In the evening we watch a movie about Jim Morrison and the Doors.
Friday 10
Hb had breakfast at the Breadboard with Ginny Ross.  In the afternoon we went over to the COOP to get some food.  I went for a walk up the hill for the first time and then we had chicken for dinner.  It rained in the morning but was nice in the afternoon.
Saturday 11
Great day in Talent.  Got there after breakfast and parked at Chuck Robert's Park.  From there we walked west to Rapp and Theo lane.  Then turned around and walked into town the back way.  We had a really nice lunch of gluten free pancakes and a Cobb salad.  The proprietor Denise we met last time we ate there with Ginny.  She lived in Hawaii many years and moved here to open up the restaurant 12 years ago.  On the way back to our car we walked past a piece of property on the east side of Talent Ave for sale for 1.8 Million.  It was 2.3 acres zoned for multiple units.  In the evening we went to hear Grant Ruiz and Dan Fellman again at Belle Fiore winery.  We heard them last Friday night at the gallery opening night and they were lovely.  Hb and I ate a ton of food there including a large shisel of truffle fries.  Hb and a Pinot Noir and she thought it was great.  The winery was a big night out on the town for us and we were groupies as we conversed with the band members during and after their 2 sets.  A nice time was had by all. 
Sunday 12
Left here by 9AM.  Nice breakfast in Shasta at the Pastry shop.  Sat next to an older man who went to Penn State 2 years before Dad.  He was the editor of the website American Byzantine Catholic Research Center needless to say, he was an interesting guy and we enjoyed speaking to him.  Afterwards we hit the snow.  It was the highlight of my whole entire year.  It was heaven being up there.  I had flashbacks to my days being out in Vail and being in the aura of the snow, stillness and life.  It was beautiful.  We walked one mile up there and one mile back and took some great pictures.  Afterwards we hit the COOP in Mt. Shasta and had a nice little snack and then we drove home.  We were home by dark.  Gas cost less than $15 bucks @ 2.59 per gallon.
Monday 13
Hb went to get a massage and I chilled out at home.  At the end of the day I did my first walk up the hill and around the block, but in reverse order which is not a great idea cause coming down Wimer is not that much fun with the traffic.
Tuesday 14
Headed out Hwy 140 to just east of Milepost 24.  It looks like this forest road is called Grizzly Road as it is the only one to cross the creek just after the turnoff.  We turned on to the forest road and parked soon after the turnoff.  We walked up to the snow line and was able to see Mt. McLoughlin from the forest road we were on.  At around 2PM we headed over to TJ's to get some groceries then went to our favorite Mexican restaurant in Phoenix.  Got back to Ashland and Russ was getting ready to do some leaf blowing with his leaf blower.  Hb went to the movies and I went back home.
Wednesday 15
Nice talk with John Zeuli.  Hb went to lunch with Carol Stella.  I never left the house today, Hb went to a Buddhist Meditation in the evening.
Thursday 16
After breakfast and when it cleared a bit we walked over to the university via Ashland St.  We stopped off in the Music Center for a break and then continued on back to town.  We had a nice lunch at the Standing Stone Brewery.  Afterwards we stopped by a local gallery and met Launa who used to live in ABQ.  She told us about the grocery store Shop n Kart; which we had never heard of before.  A find to say the least.  Our walk was under cloudy skies, but it didn't rain even though the day was kind of drizzly for the most part.  We are half way through our November adventure in Ashland.  At 5:30PM I walked Hb over to the Theatre so she could watch a movie.  I walked back home.
Friday 17
Long talk with Peter in the morning about this topic.  It was a glorious sunny day in Ashland and I was walking around the hood talking to Pedro.  Afterwards we went on a hike with Ginny Ross up the trails into the park.  She told us about Bee City and her saga with the Talent City Council and the mayor.  Afterwards we walked over to the place tomorrow morning where Hb will get her cut.  We stopped by the COOP, I bought some bananas for $.25 a pound and some quionoa.  We came home and ate the sausages we purchased at the Coop.
Saturday 18
Went to the Armory in Medford and met Jon King who is from Corvallis but has a pottery Coop in Eugene.  Prior to Jon we saw another woman who had been throwing pots for around 5 years.  The Armory is adjacent to Walmart and bit north of downtown.  So afterwards we headed downtown and met George who has been in his antique store for 28 years.  He grew up in Springfield.  We went over to the Thai restaurant west of town but it was chilly in there so we decided to come home.
Sunday 19
For the first time we went to our new favorite grocery store in Ashland called Shop'n Kart.  We also swung by Bi-mart and I got some supplements, MSM and Magnesium.  It is my first time taking these supplements.  Hb turned me on to them and it appears to be slightly helping with my leg issue of sciatica.  Afterwards we went home, ate some lunch and then went back out for a walk down our new favorite walk around the block of Helman, Nevada, and Oak street.  In the evening we watched Idaho outdoors, a show I have grown to love since moving to Oregon.
Monday 20
It was a laundry day; our second since we arrived in Ashland and our only time doing our sheets.  Afterwards we went back to Shop N Kart and I bought some winter squash.  Hb went to the movie and I stayed at home.  In the evening Jeff, Licia and the kids came by on their way to Thanksgiving in the Bay Area at Patty's house.  We took them out to our favorite local brewery.  It was great to see them. I had not seen them since last Thanksgiving.
Tuesday 21
Breakfast at Morning Glory followed by going out to the Buckhorn Springs area and heading up the Emigrant Springs Monument road and going to the parking lot.  Afterwards we went out Buckhorn Springs road to the end, turned around, and hung out by the creek.  Then over to the lake to hang out for awhile.  Then we had dinner at Thai Pepper.  After dinner we walkd around Ashland and spoke to my parents and Anya.  The day was warm.  We saw 67 degrees on the car themometer; an absolutely stellar birthday in Ashland.
Wednesday 22
Made winter squash in the morning.  From there we went on a hike along the ditch that crosses Park St and goes all the way north past Indiana till it dead ends and make a right on Woodland and take that to the top of the hill.  We came home and Hb made salmon, greens and winter squash.
Thursday 23
Thanksgiving dinner at Lark's at 3:45PM.  It was raining slightly on our walk over; but the meal was great as always.  Another Thanksgiving in the bag and on we go with life.  Can not believe I am saying this but it sure beats shopping, cooking, cleaning up and everything in between.
Friday 24
Hb and I were in the front of the parade of people in the Ashland Christmas parade.  It was our 2nd time being in the front of the pack.  The key is to hang out where the parade route begins across the street from the library and watch the parade from there.  Then just after Santa passes by we file into the front.  It worked like a charm for the 2nd time and we loved it.  It was a gorgeous evening, not too cold and clear.  No sight of rain or wet or damp.  A perfect parade was had by all.
Saturday 25
Jacksonville all day, then Korean food in Medford for lunch.  Met Jack (Butch) Frost (541-646– 8258) at the Oddfellows Hall, Chapter 10.  Butch reminded me of Glenn Larson very much. There is also a lodge in Grants Pass, Gold Hill and Central Point.  So there are 4 lodges in the Valley.  The ones in Medford and Ashland closed down a long time ago.  After a late lunch we toured around by car in Phoenix and learned there is not much there.  The weather today was fantastic and being in Jacksonville the Saturday after Thanksgiving was just perfect.  We had fun there and meeting Butch Frost put the icing on the cake:)
Sunday 26
First stop was the Armory for the holiday fair.  We met Dan Clark the rock guy, interesting.  Another guy Dennis made wood jewelery boxes and butcher block cutting boards.  Dennis does all of the cooking, and his wife does the dishes.  The holiday fair is a nice annual event.  From there we went to the COOP for water and quinoa and then Shop n' Kart for Gluten Free Oats.  It was raining at the time.  We came home chilled out for an hour and then did our big hike up to the top of the hill.  It was Hb's first time up there this season and my second.  We like that walk.  We got home at 5:30PM just as it was getting dark.
Monday 27
Mid afternoon I went for a walk around the block.  Came home and Hb made turkey for us and beans; we love the beans.  Earlier in the day I walked Hb over to her massage at 10AM.  It was nice going for a walk in the morning.
Tuesday 28
First time on the trip going on a big walk in the morning.  Walked over to the extreme north edge of town; past Wimer and back through those streets I had never been on before.  Then up Thornton to the top and when I hit Wimer I made a right and dropped back down into the drainage and crossed the creek for the first time.  I had never gone to the end of Wimer and kept going before.  So I explored some new cool territory today and was home by about 11:30AM.
Wednesday 29
Hb and I had a great day in Jacksonville.  We got there around 1PM and parked at the Britt.  We then walked south through town on 3rd and continued on for aways.  We turned around, came back into town and then through town to the other side.  We stopped off at the Estate and then all the way over to the trail adjacent to the vineyard.  It was a cold, wintry, partly cloudy day in OR and we were happy.  It was one of the best days of the trip.  I have been wanting to get to know Jacksonville for awhile and today was the day.  On the way home Hb obliged me to my final meal at my favorite Mexican restaurant in OR.  And this time we got the asada which was yummy and Hb was happy.
Thursday 30
Mellow day at home packing and wrapping things up.  At the end of the day we walked downtown, over to the ice rink, and through the park to the end of the street and then back on the road.  It was our first time doing that walk.  In fact, this whole trip I never walked up that street once.  We walked in other parts of town this trip, and so a good trip in Ashland was had by all.  See you back in Corvallis !


December


Friday 01
Back home in Corvallis.  Left Ashland at 9:30AM after saying goodbye to Russ.  We had lunch in Cottage Grove at our favorite place, and did a pit stop at McDonald's at exit 136.  Got home around 3PM and I took the car for a ride around the block and Hb went to the PO. 
Got the bad news from KP about my rate going up from 698 to 819.  Oh brother; but I am happy to be healthy and be able to pay the bill :)  On to the next subject, go get a job !
Saturday 02
Very long talk with Pedro re: Spirituality.  Go to the bank this morning to get Hb 2050.  Late in the day we went for a walk over to the Water company and back; and admired all of their leaves.
Sunday 03
Ken comes over at 10 and we go for a walk around the park.  Afterwards Hb and I do the southtown arts walk.  Its a beautiful day with a mix of sun and little clouds.  We had a nice afternoon.
Monday 04
Over at Pedro's at 1PM for wood.  Then hang out for awhile.  Hb stopped by, we went home and I did the final mowing of the year and "finished up" the gas as per usual.  Spoke to Gwendolyn who was throwing frisbee with her dog.
Tuesday 05
Up early, in Salem by 8:30AM.  Hb and I met with our KP doctor.  Afterwards we went downtown to Macy's and then on to lunch at our COOP in Salem where we now love eating.  They have good food and its 8.99 a pound compared to 10.99 in Ashland.  I came home and did all of the gutters, they are done for the year.   It helps to do them twice.  Prior to going to Ashland and then again on the return.  In the evening we went to our Oddfellows meeting.
Wednesday 06
Stool sample right off the bat, I am getting this thing down.  At 1PM I started gathering leaves next to Jason's house on the corner of Marion.  I think those folks just moved out of their house.  Nice talk with Jim at 4PM.  He is liking work at Zoom.
Thursday 07
More leave retrieval this time towards the end of Ryan and one load east of Ryan on Alexander.  As I was gathering leaves I saw Boyd and we walked home together.  We talked to Heidi tambien and she told us that cielo is neither el or la because there is only one sky, tambien por dios.  Michael Jordan was getting his grass replace with bark, and so the guys delivered us his grass and dirt.  We went for a walk around the block and saw Luke Beene and Ethan.  Luke is going to New Zealand tomorrow.  He gave us a nice Christmas card with a picture of the trees in front of his house.  It was great to see him prior to his departure.
Friday 08
Long talk with Adam in the morning.  He does my Caltech stuff.  We went to a nice party at 4PM at Diana's house.  It was a Sagitarrius party.  The crew was there.  We got there at 4PM and I walked around the block for an hour and then everyone arrived.
We met Dave and Terry from Alsea.  He teaches Physics at OSU.
Saturday 09
Went to the COOP to buy some food for tonight's christmas pot luck at scott and kathleen's house.  bought some cheeses and peas.  moved lots of grass sections over to the trail into the cave.  it looks really good.  jan came by with a racoon mask on, she was lucky she didn't get hurt when she smashed her face into the yard waste bin.  spoke to boyd outside for a bit.  it was a gorgeous day in OR.  its been beautiful since we returned from ashland.  we got lucky in december, a lovely time of year.  it cools of and the moisture level drops a bit. in the evening we went to their house.  it was a nice gathering and I spoke to some folks who live downtown on 5th and adams in an old victorian.  also spoke to our other southtown city councellor roen hogg.  we had met him 2 years back on the other side of 99 at the annual gathering over there.  we sat down and spoke to him for awhile.  we walked home in the december chilly evening happy and rested from our "party" of the evening.
Sunday 10
Hang with Lee at the Hours Exchange at the Fairgrounds.  We sat in his booth and had a nice time.  Earlier in the day Will and I went for a walk up the Bald Hill Trail from the Fairgrounds.  It was a glorious sunny day.
Monday 11
Hb went to Yachats to visit Peggy.  I talked to Boyd early afternoon as I was moving more grass into the MC (Michael Cave) from the dirt I got the other day from Michael Jordan's lawn crew.  The project isn't done yet but is getting closer.
Tuesday 12
More work outside on the dirt I got last week from Michael Jordan's yard.  The project was completed this afternoon with the final grass sections placed in the cave.  Boyd stopped by after his walk to check in with me.  Afterwards Hb and I went for a walk around the block.  Tonight we lit the first night of Hanukah candles and listened to the Dreidle song on YouTube.  Its our second year with the tradition of lighting the candles.  Actually we did it the year before in Ashland.
Wednesday 13
Mushroom's house to help him fix his mouse which was not talking to his computer.  Hung out for awhile.  He gave me the RNA painting which I love.  It is a beautiful day once again, sunny and cold in late autumn in OR.  Great final talk at the Majestic Theatre with Natchee Barnd where he talks about Native Space.
Thursday 14
Hb went to Eugene and I went downtown for lunch at my favorite Indian restaurant.  I picked up a few books at the library and then walked home afterwards.  I got home and Hb and I went for another walk around the WL block.
Friday 15
Annual Christmas party at 3PM for the Greenbelt Land Trust.  Talked with Owen, Teresa, and Melissa Newman both from the benton soil and water conservation district.
Saturday 16
In the afternoon we went to our first ever Corvallis Guitar Society with special guest Berto Boyd.  He will be playing with Grant Ruiz in January.   Its funny how our serendipitous meeting with Grant and Dan turned into our interest in not just Flamenco Guitar but also getting turned on to the Guitar Society.  Afterwards we walked around a bit and then had dinner at the Bellhop.  It was fun and we ate a lot of Fried Chicken, Mashed Potatoes, Collard Greens and Marion Berry Pie.  The walk home from the restaurant was nice.  Its winter in Corvallis, its cold, dark and lovely.  Being with Hb as always make me feel good; and I am happy to be alive and living in Oregon.
Sunday 17
Up early.  Drive on some back roads to Jefferson.  It was a gorgeous winter morning.  We arrived at the Jefferson Baptist Church just about 11:30 for the performance of the Hobbit.  It was spectacular and we enjoyed it.  It is inline with our finding the Hobbit book in Ashland and Hb finding the card in Cottage Grove on the way home.  Today was the day.  Afterwards we walked around the town and stopped off at both mexican restaurants in town.  One was La Espiga which Bruce recommended to us later in the day when we saw him at the COOP.  He told us he rides his bike up there from Corvallis, then turns around and goes home.  He eats at La Espiga all the time.  We, however, went to our favorite Mexican restaurant in Albany.  Afterwards we stopped by the COOP then went home; and did a nice walk around the block prior to darkness.  It is getting pitch dark here around 5:45PM or slightly sooner.  As the day came to an end I walked outside to see the final light of day and above me passed the geese birds of winter in the WL Valley.  This is now clearly my home, and NM is just a dream of mine from a distant memory years ago.
Monday 18
Wood at Peter's house at 1PM followed by some minor sweeping under the wood stove and christmas tree.  Peter's mom is coming into town tomorrow.  Came home and along the way met Gino and Von whose kids live on the corner of Ryan and Bell.  Then Hb and I went for a walk around the Bethel block.  Outside today it was like 55 degrees.  A beautiful day to do some wood.
Tuesday 19
Spoke to Roy Cox, sent Stewart Cohn an email for his bday, and had a nice long talk with Brian Wehrung in the afternoon.  He was off from work for the holidays.  Late in the day I did the WL Loop in the rain.  It was my first walk in the rain this winter and the first one since returning from Ashland.  It has been dry since our return which is unusual and the river is way down.  Hb went to the OddFellows meeting in the evening.
Wednesday 20
Went for a really nice walk from TJ's in the morning.  Walked up to the park on Taylor and slightly beyond.  Then back to TJ's, then the COOP and got home and did some more leaves that were hanging out on the corner of Ryan and Bell.  Then did some cooking for this evening.  Nancy, Pedro, and Anya came over for dinner.  Hb made salmon and burgers, Nancy brought a nice salad, and a good time was had by all.  Nancy looks great.
Thursday 21
Hb stopped by Kathleen's house for same salve for Nancy Day, then we went to the COOP for ice cream for Peter's on Sunday night, then we stopped by and hung out with Peter and Nancy for awhile in front of the fire.  Came back home, had some lunch and chilled out for awhile.  Ken came over around 3:30PM and we went for a walk around the park.  Then we went over to Scott's house and did a loop around the block.  Came back to his house and had some brandy which was yummy.  Then we went over to the Solstice gathering on Crystal Lake and walked over to the shelter at the end of Goodnight.  It was my first time at the gathering and it was lovely.  Afterwards we walked up to Cheryl and Michael's house and had a bonfire.  I got home around 10PM.  Hb did her solstice gathering with Skye and Anya and had a nice time as well.
Friday 22
Stayed home all day and went nowhere.
Saturday 23
Hb and I went out to the Arboretum and went for a lovely walk around noon.  The day was damp, but no rain and it was our first time out in the forest since returning home from Ashland.  Then we stopped by the COOP to buy some millet and various and sundry items for our potlucks the next 2 days.
Sunday 24
Dinner at Peter's house with Nancy.  Peter served lamb which was yummy.  We got there at 4PM and left around 8PM.  The fire was lovely and hanging out with Nancy is always one of the highlights of our year.  To more christmas eve dinner's with Nancy Day.
Monday 25
Ken came over for breakfast around 10AM.  We had a nice birthday meal and then went for a walk around the park.  Afterwards we went to Janet and Paul's house for a beautiful Christmas dinner.  We sat around the table and ate some beautiful food.  We did a brief farolita walk afterwards.  The weather today was gorgeous, sunny and warm.
Tuesday 26
It was a cold one today and Hb and I walked over to the river and observed how low the water level was.  In previous years its been above the island, this year Hb estimates its at least 10 feet down.
Wednesday 27
In the afternoon we went for a walk and saw Mushroom and Linda.  It was a beautiful warm afternoon, compared to yesterday when it was cold and slightly windy.  We were happy to be walking around.
Thursday 28
I went for a walk by myself after doing some leaves in the backyard and digging 2 holes.  It was a short walk as it was slightly rainy but warm.
Friday 29
Very nice live band Kirtan session.  Met Anand who moved here from Ca. and is orginally from India.  He was part of the meetup.  They had their year end cookies which was nice too.  I spoke to Kitzie's husband Bill for the first time.  He got a new board that takes in all of the channels for 600.
Saturday 30
Absolutely gorgeous, super fantastic day.  Started working outside right after breakfast.  We cleaned up the backyard, finished up raking, and then I pruned some black berries on the side yard.  Then we ate a nice lunch and went for a walk.  On the way we ran into Pedro and so we went over to his house for awhile.  Then we went shopping at TJ's and the VC and the COOP.  At the COOP we ran into Jim and his friend Bob.  We have seen Jim twice in the past couple of weeks.  We met him last year at Kent's potluck.  This year Kent did not have a potluck, but we got to hang out with Jim just the same.
Sunday 31
The year is winding down on a good note.  The final day of 2017 ended on a very good note.  We went for a ride and checked out the new houses on the hill overlooking the Mary's River Basin where we ride our bikes on the back road.  Then we headed over to Findley NWR and passed Bonnie and Dan's new house along the way.  Our walk in Findley was on a new trail we had never been on before called the Woodpecker loop.  While we were there we got a New Year's text from Naj and a nice phone call from JohnG.  He is down in the southern part of the USA near San Diego and Tucson.  We came home and had our famous turkey and beans meal for New Year's Eve.  Earlier in the day I spoke to Iris.