January 2018


Monday 01
I cut the diary early in the evening for 2017 so we concluded last night by watching an excellent movie about Indian Independence from Britian along with the split of Pakistan and India.  Beautiful potluck at Bob and Heidi's with the hood including Jan and Boyd, Doug and Jamie, Steve, Hb and I and Bob and Heidi.  Heidi made a turkey, Jan brought brownies, Steve bought a salad from his garden, Doug and Jamie brought winter squash and the day was lovely.  It was slightly warm and sunny around 2PM when we gathered.  Earlier Phoenix and Naj stopped by with Buddy and we hung outside for a bit and then I walked them up Ryan to Alexander.
Tuesday 02
Walked over to Kerstin's to get bread then over to Angelica's to give her back a book.  She had given the book to us as a gift, but there was another outstanding book which Hb found and we returned it to her in the evening on our way to the Oddfellows Meeting.  We paid our dues of $88 and ate some food after the meeting.  Earlier in the day I moved some dirt from the pile to the backyard.  It was my first time moving dirt this year.  Also cleaned up the side yard behind the fence next to the Doug Fir.  It was my first time cleaning up next to the Doug Fir; hopefully more cleanup is in the works.
Wednesday 03
So in the past couple of days, for the first time ever, I have started to clean up the east woods.  I started hacking at the Doug Fir and cleared to the fence due west.  Now I have a straight path and I can start to trim around there.  I have a starting point in which to migrate.  So today was another gorgeous sunny day.  Its the second one in about 5 days.  Sunny, clear, and slightly warm.  Lovely...
Thursday 04
Up early went to the dentist to have Jenny clean my teeth.  Came home and went for another walk.  Earlier I went for a walk prior to going to the dentist.
Friday 05
Walk with Phoenix and Hb around the park.  We saw Phoenix playing frisbee golf and so the 3 of us went for a very nice walk.  Earlier on I had a long talk with John Zeuli about the illusion of money and also stopping yourself from sending out possibly damaging to oneself emails.  On the walk with Phoenix he taught me about plasma.
Saturday 06
Super fantastic day in Lebanon and Brownsville.  Started out in the park just north of town on the Santiam.  Then very nice lunch for the first time at our Thai place in Lebanon.  Then ran by Walmart for soap and ended up the day at a Gluten Free Bakery in Brownsville.  The sun shone the whole day, and we were happy in Oregon in January.
Sunday 07
Hb went to the coast to spend the night with Bob and Peggy.  In the afternoon I went to TMobile and Winco.  Then went for a nice walk starting at Aspen off Walnut.  Caught the sunset on the 3 sisters with another couple walking by.  It was just at sunset that we saw them.  Quite magnificent.  Afterwards I went to the North COOP, then TJ's and the Natural Grocers.  Got home after dark and made some liver and onions.  Topped the evening off with a long talk with Pedro.
Monday 08
Hb got home from Yachats and we went to the science pub to hear Heather Knight talk about robots.  We went for a walk at home around the block afterwards.
Tuesday 09
In the afternoon I moved some more dirt and spoke to Boyd about his motivating me to do a New Year's resolution which was to do my mantras daily.  Afterwards Hb and I went for a walk around the Goodnight block.  It was our first time on the wetland paved trail this year.  We walked through the trailer park over to WL.
Wednesday 10
Went to the spring creek open house and saw Laura from Gathering Together, Eric Dickey who I met at Beth's party and we met our neighbor Linda Richards who lives across from Gwendolyn.  Then we went to a talk on the Kayapo by Barbara Zimmerman.  It was an excellent talk about whats going on in Brazil in an area larger than Costa Rica.
Thursday 11
Annual OSU Community Artist Exhibit at LaSells.  Hb bought an eclipse photo.  Ed Ray was there.  It was a slightly rainy night, but we had a good time and the salmon and other food was more yummy than usual.  It was a rainy day today, but didn't get in our way.  Hb went with Sarah over to Bill Koch's to look at his passed on wifes loom.  Late in the evening I spoke with David for our 2 - 3 times per year talk.
Friday 12
Hb and I drove downtown and she went for her massage with Lawrence and I went for a walk and stopped by the Apple store to get some info on used computers and new ones.  Then over to the library for the Corvallis Sustainability Annual meeting.  I got to the library early and hung out with Ken, got some lunch and spoke to Lee and Tim.  It was a good meeting.  Hb arrived pretty soon.  Afterwards we hung out and met some new folks.  Late in the day I went for a walk around the park.  It was a pretty warm cloudy winter day in Corvallis and my walk was nice.  I had brussel sprouts for dinner.  It was our last batch of brussel sprouts till next year from TJ's.
Saturday 13
Started the day off in Lebanon at the Safeway where Hb bought some coffee.  We then drove over to a rock shop on the way to Waterloo.  In Waterloo we met Jesus Christ after walking to the end of the park and he came out of the woods.  His real name was Raymond and he had on a talit.  He then read us the gospel for at least one hour and by the time he was done I was born again.  Afterwards, we went into Lebanon and had our yummy Thai food at the best Thai restaurant in Lebanon.
Sunday 14
Peter came over for dinner.  Earlier in the day I got leaves from Jason's house and put some of his leaves in his chicken coop.  Afterwards Hb and I went for a walk around the block.  Peter is going down to Ojai on Saturday morning.
Monday 15
One of the best speeches I have ever seen on MLK Day at OSU by Melissa Harris Perry.  Her speech moved me in a way I am not usually moved by a public speech.  Afterwards Hb and I participated in the Peace march over to Monroe and then we walked downtown and back to the COOP where we had lunch, talked to Ken for awhile and then had a nice chat with Jim prior to departure.  The weather was very cooperative and it only rained at the very end of our journey.
Tuesday 16
Odd Fellows meeting with the grand master of Oregon Gary Kniss.  We had a dinner at 5:30PM followed by our meeting followed by doing the dishes.  Earlier in the day I moved dirt from the pile to the back yard.  It was another gorgeous sunny afternoon in mid January and I was happy to be outside.
Wednesday 17
Hb and I walked downtown and stopped off at the COOP.  From there we walked to Laughing Planet Cafe where I got some black beans and tortillas.  We took the bus home.  It was a warm, cloudy, balmy mid January day.
Thursday 18
It rained most of the day and I stayed home until 6:30PM when we walked over to Wil and Kathy's house to celebrate Wil's 68th birthday.  He is about 2 months older than Hb.  Diana, Gloria, Jane Kaufman and Anya were there to help us celebrate.  Kathy made yummy gluten free chocolate cake with all sorts of gorgeous extra toppings.  It was a lovely evening.
Friday 19
Hb and I went for a walk around the park.  Out there it rained briefly, and then we met some folks who had moved here from Pa.  They had their dogs with them.  In the late afternoon Hb had the group from last night over for a Tom Kenyon Kirtan session.
Saturday 20
Grant Ruiz and Berto Boyd at the Corvallis library.  Afterwards Hb and I had dinner at Del Alma.  We hadn't been there in a long time and the meal, evening and atmosphere was an appropriate ending to an interesting day.
Sunday 21
Went out on a walk and saw Owen Dell.  Hb went to lunch with Bob and Peggy and then on to her group.  My walk in the morning in the rain was lovely.  Long and around WL, stopped by an open house on the river for 525K then through the entire park and back around.  Late in the day I was going to go on a short walk but ran into phoenix on alexander and so we did the interior loop for the first time all around.  phoenix told me about the mind being a tool.
Monday 22
Left the house around 11AM and got to Portland around 1PM.  We had lunch at the Thai restaurant across the street from the Grant Park New Season's.  Afterward we hung out in Season's for a bit and then went on to the Red Lion.  We unloaded our stuff and took the car over to the Holiday Inn and then walked back to the Red Lion.  We went for a walk, then I kept walking for about another 30 minutes.  We got a free room which was cool.  We have stayed at the Red Lion at least once per year since 2013 meaning this is our sixth year there.  Pretty hard to believe.  We went to bed pretty late and I am pretty sure I hardly slept at all.
Tuesday 23
Up at 3AM, out the door at 3:30AM and got right on the shuttle.  Had some eggs for breakfast at our usual spot at the airport along with a banana and the cereal I made yesterday.  Leg 1 was nice and got to see all of the snow on the front range.  Leg 2 was nice from Denver to Milwaukee as I sat next to a doctor whose name was Mike and he was into skiing at Vail.  Leg 3 was great as I had 3 seats to myself.  Arrived right on time at 6:30PM.  Had a nice meal at Jason's.  The folks place is lovely, as per usual.
Wednesday 24
Gorgeous day in Florida !  Got up to sunshine and warm.  Lovely.  Dad and I went to Costco in the morning.  Mother and I went to WholeFoods in the afternoon.  I did 3 loops around the Master's and at dark a short walk on the Golf course for the first time.
Thursday 25
Mom and Dad went to workout and I stayed at home.  It was nice being in a quiet place.  In the afternoon Dad and I went over to Publix to get some food and then he dropped me off at the corner of Williams and 41.  I walked home and then my book Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen.  The day was warm and windy.
Friday 26
Mother and I headed over to Walgreens on Williams and then I walked back from the gate.  She went to play Maj and Dad and I hung out, went over the Providence Point paper work and then we went for a bike ride and then hung out at the local pool.  We had a nice afternoon and it was sunny and windy.  In the evening we went to the River's Club and I had chopped steak which was yummy with mashed potatoes, onions, gravy and green beans.  Hb would have loved this meal too.
Saturday 27
Headed out early down south.  We dropped Mom off at the beauty shop and Dad and I went to the Farmer's market.  As I told bina in an email later in the day there was no organic.  Afterwards we hung out for awhile and waited for Mom to finish up.  The day was mild, not too windy.  I don't like Florida.  But I do like the weather.  A mixed blessing to say the least.   Late in the day I did the first walk to the end of the road where the nature trail kicks in.  It could not have been a nicer, quiet evening.  I am pretty much at peace here and settled in after being here now for 4 full days.
Sunday 28
We went to Bravo in the evening for dinner.  It rained a bit on the way home.  When I woke up I went for my first early morning walk.  Later in the day I spoke with Pedro for the first time since he landed in Ojai.  He seems to be having a good time down there.
Monday 29
The day started out raining but by the time light was upon us the day yielded dry.  I stayed home all day and then went out about 4:30PM for my normal walk to the beginning of the nature trail.
Tuesday 30
Went to buy pants at the outlet stores.  Dad went to Costco and Mother and I bought 2 pair of pants.  Afterwards we went to Publix and then I went for my walk before dusk.  I walked to the Nature Trail and returned home.  In the evening, I had the rare occasion to watch President Trumps first State of the Union.  I would never actually do this but being in Florida with my parents presented me with the opportunity.  Hb flew from Denver to Albuquerque today for part II of her journey.  She will spend the second week at Judith's house as Diana is visting from Mexico.
Wednesday 31
In the morning we had a conference call with Grant Street.  In the afternoon Dad and I went for a bike ride and then I rode further over to West Bay.  It was my first time on a bike this year, and my first time, needless to say on a bike in Florida.  Mother borrowed a bike from our up stairs neighbor and its a nice cruiser.  We had dinner with Mort and Myra at the River's Club.  Mort told me he has Parkinson's disease, but he appears to be doing well.  Upon coming home I went for a short walk.  The weather and atmosphere in Florida this time of year is lovely.


February 2018


Thursday 01
Gorgeous perfect weather day in Fl.  At 4PM I went out for my walk.  Hit the nature trail, and then the dock where I layed down, took a nap, and watched the boats go by.  Afterwards I stopped by the bar to get a drink of water / no ice and lime.  I carried this cup back towards home and basked in the late afternoon sunset.  Dad made a fantastic meat loaf for dinner and I made yellow zuchinni with mushrooms.  My dad is one hell of a cook.  He always liked to cook, but in his later years he has developed somewhat of a chef quality to himself.
Friday 02
Another beautiful day in paradise.  Dad and I cleaned the house in the morning while mother went food shopping. In the afternoon mother played Maj and Dad and I went for a bike ride over to the big pool and then went over to our pool and hung out.  The weather was lovely.
Saturday 03
Mellow day at home followed by the concert in the evening.  We had dinner at Brio and then went to hear Ellis Hall, who is a protoge of Ray Charles.  He is a black blind singer songerwriter musician who was very impressive.
Sunday 04
Lunch with mother in Ft. Myers at Cabos Cantina.  Prior we went to the Art Show which was nice.  We had a beautiful day.  On the way home we stopped at Publix.  In the late afternoon we went for a bike ride prior to the Super Bowl and hung out at the Rivers Club.  We watched the Philadelphia Eagles top Tom Brady and the New England Patriots to win their first ever Super Bowl victory.
Monday 05
World Affairs with Mom and Dad, the speaker was Alex Walden from Google.  Afterwards we went for a walk around the Masters.  It was a good trip.  I learned I have a responsibility for the people around you whom you love.  This is one of the reasons you are now here on Planet Earth.  Its no longer about you, its what you can do for others at this stage in your life.
Tuesday 06
Up just after 5AM.  Dad and I went to the airport at 6:30AM.  My plane took off at 9AM to KC then St. Louis.  A quick stop over in St. Louis and then a 4.5 hour flight to Portland.  I sat next to a 77 year old guy from near St. Louis.  He was into boating from there down to Fl. through the inter passageway.  We enjoyed each others company.  Arrived in Portland right on time and then headed over to the Holiday Inn with my Southwest fight crew.  I hung out in a private room downstairs until Hb called me around 6PM.  I swung by the airport, picked her up and we went to Season's for dinner.  We were home by 9PM.  It was a gorgeous, dry winter evening in Oregon and the drive home was very mellow and peaceful.  Both Michele and I are happy to be back home.
Wednesday 07
Hb and I go food shopping on first day back.  Stop by the North COOP, then TJ's, Vitamin Cottage and on to Bed Bath.  Had a nice vegetable lunch that Hb made and then went for a walk around the park.  We met Miriam out in the park and talked to her for awhile.  Then we saw Tim on Ryan and he came over to our house for awhile and we had a little mini welcome back party.
Thursday 08
Tal came over to put up Hb's new curtain in the living room.  In the afternoon we went for a short walk around the block.  In the late morning I talked to Bob and Heidi.  They are leaving for Hawaii this Sunday back on March 4.
Friday 09
Kirtan rocks.  The live band happened tonight and we love going to Kirtan.  Tonight was especially mellow; a mid winter Kirtan.  This week has been gorgeous.  Not real sunny, but nice and warm.  Earlier I went for a short walk to the end of Ryan.  I saw an old lady walking down the street with her walker.  I have seen her before but never spoke to her.  Today I opened up a conversation with her.  She has a slight accent.  Not sure where she is from but she seems pretty cool.
Saturday 10
First time at the winter Farmer's Market.  Saw Luke, Bina, Ken and several others.  Following the market we went to the COOP for some rice and then up the hill to work at the cemetary planting Delbert trees till about 5PM.  Stopped by TJ's on the way home, and then had some nice sausages for dinner.
Sunday 11
Hb went to her Shamanic Healing Group in the afternoon.  Then we went for a walk around the Lilly Park block.  Earlier in the day I had a 2 hour conversation with Scott Williams.
Monday 12
Hb and I got rid of the old oil in our lawn mower.  I dropped it off downtown at Firestone then swung by the gas station to get gas for the mower.  I cut the lawn and Hb and I trimmed some Filbert trees in the back yard.  It was a gorgeous sunny day.
Tuesday 13
Complete blackberry clean up in the secret garden between the grass path and Steve's planting beds.  It took about 2 hours but the understory is now free of blackberries all the way across.  It looks great.  Towards the end of the day I moved some more dirt to the back yard.
Wednesday 14
Breakfast at Nearly Normals for Valentines Day.  It was my first time eating breakfast there, and sitting upstairs which is lovely.  I had a bowl of black beans and Hb had the Huevos.  Afterwards we went to the Interzone for Hb coffee.  The sky was blue after a night of rain.  Oregon this time of year is lovely.
Thursday 15
Went over to the wave lab at OSU at the corner of 35th and Jefferson to see them make waves.  We took the bus there and walked back downtown and took the bus home.  Actually, we rode on the beaver bus, which was kind of fun.
Friday 16
Walk at dusk around the long Crystal Lake block and over to the cemetery.  Worked all day.
Saturday 17
Guitar Society in the afternoon at 3PM at the library.  Jon Sharp did an amazing solo job with a sidekick opera singer for 2 songs.
Sunday 18
Our first snowy and rainy day since returning home from Florida.  We got a nice walk in around WL in the early afternoon.  Was hit with some rain, snow and sun.  On Feb 18 in 2018 I heard Gregg Braden talk about the Simulated Environment.  Hb and I were watching it on Gaia TV.
Monday 19
It was this evening that the LIGHT WENT ON !  This idea is the most interesting idea I have come across in my life; no questions asked.  It equates to my fascination with AI back in Boston when I was going to MIT and hanging out at Thinking Machines with Marvin Minsky.  Today is one of the most important days of my life.  It finally solidifies for me the metaphor of what life is, where I came from, and the possible outcomes for the future of humanity.  From this day forward, I will never ever be the same.  I am now an enlightedned individual.  It is no longer necessary to question where I came from or the purpose of life.  This concept answers all of those questions.
Tuesday 20
The past 2 days have been our first real winter type days with snow showers here and there.  In the afternoon I walked over to the COOP and hung out with James Rodell, Jim Hagan, and Bob.  They are good guys.  Over the past couple of months I have gotten to know Jim better.  We first met him over a year ago at the potluck at Kent's music studio downtown.  Jim is friends with Wil and Kathy.  Hb went to a movie in the evening at LaSells and Jim was there with Wil and Kathy.  So she had a good time at the movie on Coral Reefs as part of the OSU 150 Sea Grant.
Wednesday 21
Up at 6AM.  Left the house around 8:30AM.  Got to our favorite Mexican restaurant in Phoenix around 1PM.  Had a yummy lunch of tortillas and fajitas with their own salsa bar which I love.  From there we went into Ashland.  Stopped the COOP to buy black beans and quinoa, then on to Shop and Kart to buy Gluten Free Oats.  Took the back road to Mt. Shasta as we always do.  Walked around the neighborhoods of town at dusk.  Its a nice cute town.  It was our first time ever spending the night here and walking around the hoods.  At the end of the evening we stopped by the coop for some rice and beans.  A good day was had by all.
Thursday 22
Woke up to some snow on the ground and a winter wonderland.  We knew it was going to snow but they were not predicting bad weather, just a dusting.  We had a nice breakfast next door at the pastry shop.  We had breakfast here last time we were in town and liked it.  Afterwards we went for a walk around the hotel and on the road out to McCloud afterwards we drove to Redding.  The drive was mellow and nice.  We arrived and checked into our hotel and then went and had a nice Thai meal for lunch.  Afterwards we went to the Sundial Park and then a long walk along the river.  Hb climbed a hill and to everyone's surprise bolted up to the top.  A few college aged kids asked her if she needed help getting up there.  Afterwards we cruised around Redding and checked out the town to the west to Shasta and then a bit south and then back east.  We had our free dinner of soup and salad.  A beautiful day was had by all.
Friday 23
Awesome drive from here.  We stopped by a Sacramento River park, but it wasn't very good and the road was kind of crowded with cars.  We had lunch in Chico at our favorite Indian restaurant then out Hwy 32 and down Hwy 45 all the way to Colusa then continued to Knight's Landing and then due south to I5.  We went out to an early dinner with Pat to a nice new Mexican restaurant. 
Saturday 24
Leave Pat's house at 9AM.  Arrive St. Helena around 11 and Norm swings me by the pad.  Then back again, then to Pattie's.  Bus ride out to winery.  Hung out with Dave Brown, very cool guy.  What a life.  Partied at the winery with Dave and his wife who was also very cool.  She told me a story about her father dying.  Kind of intense.  Roasted marshmallows then came back on the bus.  Then home from Patti's.  Hb and I checked out the stars when we got back home.
Sunday 25
Started off the day at the Model Bakery in Napa.  Then headed out to Calistoga.  I went for a long walk and Pat and Hb went shopping.  Returned back to Patti's and walked over to the Napa Valley Olive Oil Company where Michele and I met with Michael Bernstein.  It was my first time meeting him.  He is 83, 2 years younger than my Dad.  We had a nice visit.  We sat outside for awhile and then hung out in the car.  From there I walked over to Patti's house for a nice dinner and tirimisu for dessert.  It was  yummy.  Jeff showed up at the end of the day and I hung out with him for a bit towards the end of dinner.  It was a gorgeous sunny day in Napa Valley.
Monday 26
Weather this trip has been perfect.  Today looks cloudy and rainy.  Luckily our drive back to Sac was nice and no rain.  We stopped by the house then had a pastry and salad lunch at Estelle's, a new pasteria close to Pat's house.  We got Pat's Amazon stick up and running then met Jamie at Whole Foods for a salad dinner.  We came home packed up.  Jamie came over to say goodbye and pick up his English muffins.
Tuesday 27
Up at 4:30AM.  Left Pat's house at 5:30AM.  By 6:15AM we were way out of Sacramento.  By 10AM we were in Redding.  We stopped by the tire shop to have our air pressure checked.  And by 11AM we were eating breakfast at the COOP in Mt. Shasta.  We bought gas in Ashland at the Arco station and then again at exit 99 in Oregon for the same price.  We had a real nice dinner in Eugene at our favorite Thai restaurant on 29th.  I turned the water back on at the house just at 6:30PM as the sun and light was almost gone in the west.  It was a 13 hour journey from start to finish and we were happy to be home. 
Wednesday 28
Phoenix birthday party at the China Buffet.  Ryan, Kathy Miller, Lee, Gloria, Diana, and Naj were there.  It was a rainy day, but we were happy to be back home.


March 2018


Thursday 01
In the morning I went to pick up the mail, then headed over to TJ's.  In the late afternoon I went for a walk around the WL Loop.  We only did one walk on our trip last week, and that was in Redding when we walked across the bridge and did a walk in the Arboretum.  Can't believe its been over a week since I went for a walk.
Friday 02
Never left the house today.  Hb has been sick with a cold since we returned home from California, and I have been hanging out with her, working away and watching our buddy Gregg Braden talk about simulated realities and other interesting concepts.  Plus it was very windy today, and the wind chill factor made it too much to go outside and hang out, so I was tucked in all day today at home.
Saturday 03
It was sunny in the morning and turned cloudy and rainy mid day.  Around 3PM Hb and I headed over to the COOP for some soup and we ended up hanging with Jim Hagen for about an hour.  Hb and he had a good talk and I watched the afternoon and their discussion fade into early evening.  I came home and ate the remainder of Hb's soup with some sprouts I had cooked up earlier in the week.  I had a nice talk with Pedro, he is heading out to Hawaii from Miner's Oaks in a few days.  He has been down in southern CA since about Jan 20, right around the time I went to Estero to visit my parents.  So he has been there for quite a while.
Sunday 04
Hb went down to Eugene with Anya and Kathy Miller for a talk at the public library.  I hung out and around 1PM went over to Winco and TJ's and went for a walk over there.  It was a partly sunny, rainy, cloudy day.  All in all it was nice but cold.  In the evening we went to a potluck at Kathy Miller's house also called Peace House.  Jaffer was there and he is going on his annual trek in Spain.  We got to know each other better and enjoyed each other's conversation.  I told him about working at Santa Fe Institute and threw the idea out there about the Simulation Argument.  Reenie flew into town earlier in the day to tend her daughter Markia who is having some issues with alcohol and cars.  Marika's old boyfriend Ward's sister came over to visit with us and have some food.  She was picking up an extra bike from Kathy.
Monday 05
Absolutely gorgeous day and we took full advantage of it.  I got outside early afternoon and dug some holes on the east lawn down at Marion.  Experimenting with planting fava beans down there.  Its the first time I completely mowed the whole lawn.  Up till now, we had been mowing most of it, but for the first time today its complete.  I figured out how to tilt the lawn mower slightly and then take it all down.  Hb found some free Marion berries on Crystal Lake and Alexander so I planted them as well on the side yard down near Marion.  Towards evening I went for a walk around the block.  Spoke to Ken and Bina this evening.  I told Bina that we were not having Hb's bday party this year.  I saw her a few weeks back and she said she would like to come to the party so I told her it was not happening.  We had a nice talk.
Tuesday 06
Sunny day number 2.  We love them.  In the afternoon I poked some more holes in the ground on the northeast lawn, which will mean for future reference at the corner of the east side yard and marion.  I am just beginning to put in a small garden down there post yesterday's mowing and 4 holes.  Now there are 8 holes.  I also cleaned up some blackberries in steve's woods.  Earlier in the day I went to pick up some bread at Kerstin's and had a connection with her regarding her life coaching and my guidance on possibly using Blogger for her website.  Came home and had a long talk with Angelica.  It started out re: Tim Dehne's talk this morning re: the grange and them taking it back over from the community group that partially owned it.  Then we led into her business, Zillow and the Premier agent platform.  Zillow continues to be an interesting business to me and so I was espousing them as a possible partner for advertising dollars.  In the evening I wrote a poem for James Rospopo's birthday.  His birthday is the Ides of March.
Wednesday 07
More work outside, punched some more holes in the ground on the east lawn at marion.  Long talk with Heidi, she and Bob are back from Hawaii and slated to go again next year.  Pop corn for dinner, yummy along with some beet greens.  Earlier in the day I had a nice chat with Iris.  It was my first time speaking to her since before I left for Florida.
Thursday 08
Worked on my taxes all day till 4PM.  Earlier in the day I spoke to Liz.  Her Mom died back in November.  It rained all day today and so therefore I never left the house.  Late in the day it was damp, wet, and windy; and even though it wasn't raining I opted to stay in our warm cozy home in Corvallis, OR.
Friday 09
Hb went to see the movie a Wrinkle in Time.  I emailed Patrick and Mindy for the first time since they left about the house the Mexican family used to live in selling for 299K.  Spoke to M & D.  Hb and I went for a walk in the afternoon.  Came home and took a nap then we went to hear the live band at Kirtan.  Wil and Kathy were there along with Linda Edwards.  Anya came over to our house at 6:30PM.  We learned on the ride home that Anya was a pilot in Jackson Hole when she was in her 40's.
Saturday 10
Peggy came over to our house at 11AM.  We headed over to the Farmer's Market.  I had a nice talk with Jen's daughter Sunny, and then the 3 of us went to Gathering Together for lunch.  It was our first time there this season and the 2nd week that they have been open.  They have a new chef and the meal was average.  But we enjoyed hanging out chatting with Peggy until about 2:30PM.  Afterwards we did some work in the garden and met our neighbor Lisa who lives at the end of Viewmont next to Crystal Lake.  She is from Palo Alto and has lived in Southtown for 16 years.
Sunday 11
We left in a fog around 11AM.  We were off to lunch in Lebanon at the Thai restaurant which opened at 3PM.  We headed east towards Lebanon, went over the Santiam River at our usual spot on the first bridge north of Lebanon and then headed out to the Roaring River County Park in Lacomb for the first time in our lives.  It was honey bun's birthday celebration and we partied in honor of the sunshine.  We went on a magic carpet ride through out the afternoon and then landed in Lebanon at our Amazing Thai food living room.  We are now starting to be regulars.  We had 3 dishes, cause Hb wanted spring rolls and we compromised for lots of extra food.  On the way home we went through Tangent and passed Anya's old stomping grounds.  We got home around sunset; the first full day of day light savings.  It was a gorgeous, warm, sunny spring time day in Oregon.
Monday 12
Another gorgeous day on Hb's birthday.  She went to lunch at Nearly Norml with Jan, Naj, Anya, Renee, and Diana.  I worked outside all afternoon, expanding the sidewalk garden further east and planting sunchokes.  I bought a bunch of them on Saturday at the Farmer's Market.  Afterwards we went to the Sustainability Coalition annual event at the OSU Alumni center.  Afterwards we went for a walk around campus.
Tuesday 13
It rained in the morning and just after noon Hb and I went for a walk around the park.  We walked on the wood chips the whole half way.  Earlier in the day Hb went to pick up a loaf of bread at Kerstin's.  Hb is now on the gluten free bread bandwagon from Kerstin as well.
Wednesday 14
I met the Bond Starker, the Chairman of the Board, of Starker Forests at the Starker Lecture series on AI by CEO Zack Parisa of Silvia Terra.  Afterwards I had a nice talk with Bond.  Walked downtown and caught the bus home.  Dug up a bunch of sunchokes in the front yard and finished round one of putting the blackberries Hb cut back in the yard waste bin.  I love working outside now till around 8PM.  This is great...
Thursday 15
Real nice hike at the Lewisburg saddle.  It was my first time heading towards the Arboretum from the top of the saddle.  In fact it was my first time heading north, I always went south back towards Corvallis.  Made it almost to the Arboretum junction, but did NOT get there.  Finished hike around 1:15PM and then headed over to TJ's for some shopping and then hit the Vitamin Cottage for my Vitamin B-12 which is now part of my daily supplement intake.
Friday 16
In the evening we went to OSU.  First there was a guitar recital at Benton Hall.  We sat next to John and the recital was led by Dr. Cameron O'Connor.  Afterwards we went to hear poet in resident David Biespiel speak at the Alumni Center.  It was a moving event and one that I really appreciate having the opportunity to be in Corvallis for amazing things at the university to do.  Earlier in the day we worked outside on the Marion garden.
Saturday 17
Had a nice talk with John Zeuli.  Went shopping at Market of Choice to buy sausages for tomorrow's meal.  I walked over to Walmart to buy shoe laces.
Sunday 18
Bob and Peggy came over for a nice lunch that Hb made.  Afterwards we went to the drumming and journeying group.  I was my first time meeting Lawrence and participating in the group.  It was quite a moving experience for me.  Coincidentally, afterwards we watched a movie about Antelope, OR.  Also, Anya had been part of the group that settled there in the 80's.  My experience today, and what drove those people together was eerily similar.  Spring time in OR is lovely.  When Hb and I went for our walk today.  It was calm.  When the wind picked up it was cold.  The edge of comfort and cold in springtime in OR is a function of the wind.  The clouds and the blue sky in contrast make for quite a magnifent blend of beauty.
Monday 19
Went to buy gas at Towne Pump.  Mowed the entire lawn, and did a good job.  Last time it was cut I did a minimalist job; so it was ready for a full sweep.  I did the whole thing with out turning off the mower, and I even handed it off to Hb and she did a little section too.  More blackberry work on the Hb side yard Steve project.  In the evening we watched more about the Rajneesh Netflix series on the whole debacle in Oregon in the mid 80's.
Tuesday 20
Taxes are now done and sent off.  I rolled the dice that I won't get an update like I have the past 2 years from you know who.  After finishing them up, I celebrated by first picking up my gluten free bread, then going to pay my quarterly TMobile bill, then lunch at the Indian restaurant next door called Nirvana; then I did a hike and ran into Mike Harris who owns the hundred acres below Dimple Hill.  It was an absolutely gorgeous day.  I now better understand how close Jackson Creek is to where I was.  I am learning my way around better the area close in to the McDonald Forest.
Wednesday 21
Hb and I went to lunch at Nearly Normls.  We each got the falafel dish, and split a black beans.  Came home and went for a walk around the block.
Thursday 22
Sarah and Jay's and Bob and Heidi's yard waste bins were used to gather up all of the blackberry bushes Hb had cut down over the past week.  We got in prior to it raining again.  Its all in the bucket.  Long talk with Pedro in the evening.  He is in Hawaii and is not into bone broth soup.  We also discussed the Rajneesh Netflix documentary at length.  Hb had her group over to watch a video.
Friday 23
Very cold rainy day.  Upon running around gathering up all of the yard waste bins from yesterday Heidi told me that there was snow in Lewisburg.  This is one of the ugliest days weather wise I have seen this winter.  We have been blessed with good weather and have not had to deal with this crap but in a certain respect it is kind of soothing.  Came across the theory of multiverse.  It fits nicely into the simulation metaphor and was the last paper Stephen Hawking wrote prior to his death a few weeks back.  In the evening we went to see Flamenco Pacifico at the Majestic.  It was a lovely event; and Michele and I have really enjoyed getting into the guitar music ever since our chance meeting of Grant Ruiz that famous Friday night back in late November 2017 at the Friday night art walk where we randomly walked into an artist gallery and at the back of the studio were two guitarists hanging out by themselves playing music. 
Saturday 24
It rained pretty much all afternoon.  We went to the Vitamin Cottage and then came home.  Around 6PM we went out for a walk around the block in the rain.  It was wet, but not that cold.
Sunday 25
Nice walk out to Kiger Island.  It was sunny and showery; but we were in the "rain shadow" according to one lady working out side in her garden.  In the evening we went to the 4th Sunday potluck at Coho with Anya.  It was a nice time.
Monday 26
Picked up a free desk from Mark Sherman. We were walking by his house and Jack his dog greeted us with a stick.  So I have my new desk in my room today.
Tuesday 27
Hb had her crew over for Indian meditation including Renee, Anya, Diane and Gloria.  At 7PM we went for a walk around the block.  Spoke to M & D and I was typing into a Google Doc as mother was reading it.
Wednesday 28
Pack for our journey tomorrow to Yachats.  Walk with Gloria and Renee through the park to the boat ramp and back to our house.  It was a gorgeous, sunny spring day in Corvallis.  The high was 61 degrees.  I was feeling really good today in the sunshine.  I finished my work this morning at 10AM so I felt like I had the whole day off and I did.  Finishing up your work and taking the day off / time off is mission critical to the success of your viability, working and creativity.
Thursday 29
Leave the house at 8:10AM and arrive in Waldport around 9:45AM.  We went the back way the whole way.  Last night I got into writing down Antonio Machado poems and carrying them around with me.  My first poem is La Casa Tan Querida. Got to Peggy's house and hung out for a bit then headed to the Green Salmon for lunch and then over to the oceanside state park to watch whales for about one hour.  It was a sunny beautiful day on the coast and I took a short nap in the car while Hb looked at the whales.  We then went back to the house, unpacked the car, and drove over to the Yachats covered bridge where we parked our car and then walked back to the intersection with the paved road.  It was a lovely spring walk on the coast up in the mountains walking along the river.  We came home and I made a nice vegetable and rice dinner.
Friday 30
We started the day out slow with no big hurry to leave Peggy and Bob's home.  So we hung out till about noon and then headed north across the Alsea river at Waldport and took an immediate sharp right turn up the "other side" of the Alsea.  We had never been here before and we stopped at the side of the river over looking the town of Waldport and the huge estuary to the sea.  I did some drumming and Hb did some channeling for Jason and then Luke.  From there we went to the Booth State Park and hiked in a bit.  We stopped by the Visitor Center at the other end and met a nice lady who gave us some history on the State Park.  From there we went into Newport and had a nice lunch at our favorite Mexican restaurant.  Afterwards we went to Nye beach and had ice cream at B & J's.  From there we headed back home and I went for a walk up the hill to the National Forest Boundary.  In the evening, I did a nice read about Ireland and the history of Ireland around the time of the fall of the roman empire.
Saturday 31
The final day of March was a good one.  We started off on a long walk on the beach followed by a nice lunch at Luna Fish House.  We had been there before with Bob and Peggy, the first time I ever met Bob.  We had gone to the Yachats Faire and then we met them and went out to lunch.  They have expanded into the back room down below and we had a nice lunch.  Afterwards we went over to watch the whales in our favorite spot.  The sun was pouring in the car and the whales were at the end of our nose.  Afterwards we went by the galleries close to our house.  We met a nice native american woman in her early 40's who owned the art gallery.  She told us about her life.  Afterwards we went for a walk on the trail up the hill through the botanical gardens and into the National Forest.  It was a new, nice trail they had just put in.  We came home and did a long hot tub in the evening until it turned dark and we saw the first star.


April 2018


Sunday 01
Went into town for breakfast at the Green Salmon.  Came back, packed up the car and took off.  We went the back way through the forest and landed on Hwy 34 just past the estuary.  We took the Blodgett Creek Road off of 101 just before Tillicum Beach.  We got to Alsea at 1:30PM and home at exactly 2:15PM.  The weather was cloudy and misty but no rain.  We had a very nice trip to Yachats.
Monday 02
First day back was spent going over to Coho to drop off some chocolate covered brownies I purchased on Sunday at the Yachats library book sale.  Then I went for a walk around the park.  In the evening Hb had her meditation group over.
Tuesday 03
Hb had her group over at noon and she and Renee went for a walk prior.  I worked outside a bit in the afternoon and in the evening we went to the art opening at LaSells.  I had a nice long talk with Wally and Beatrice Rubenfeld and at the end of the evening saw David Mayfield and his wife Lottie.  We got home around 8:30PM and it was still light outside.  Spring is here, especially the light in the evening.
Wednesday 04
Peter came over to our house in the morning.  He just got back last evening from his 3 month adventure to southern Ca and Hawaii.  In the afternoon Phoenix stopped by and told me about the Odd Fellows meeting we missed last night.  Charlie is now the Nobel Grand and he had his tamale dinner.  Hb and I went for a walk around the park late in the day.
Thursday 05
Had a nice long talk with Rand today.  He called me around the time we were in california for patty's 65th birthday party and I am just getting around to calling him back.  So we had a good chat.  Afterwards I did some cooking and then went outside and planted some seeds, helped Hb clean out the garage and cleaned up some pine cones and bristles for trash day tomorrow.  Hb had her Rajav group over and I went for a short walk.  I ran into Ken Vanderhe and we had a long nice chat on Alexander close to Thompson.  It was my first time speaking to him at length.  He was relaxed and we had a good chat.  On the way home I ran into John on his skateboard with his dad Dan Crawl and Saul riding a tricycle.  The night was lovely, not cold, but a bit damp.  A perfect usual spring evening in Oregon. 
Friday 06
Hb went to Eugene for a massage.  I spoke to M & D in the morning and then headed over to the OSU Bank, parked at Walmart and walked down 11th towards OSU.  I saw Lee along the way and then continued to the park on Filmore where we went last summer for the street days celebration.  I walked back to Walmart and then over to Grocery Depot for the first time.  Phoenix and other Odd Fellows have been telling us about this place for months but it was my first time in there.  From there I went to TJ's and then home.  It was a gorgeous sunny day.  The forecast was for cloud and rain but we got real lucky.  So a good Friday was had by all.
Saturday 07
It rained all day today and was very windy.  Around 2:30PM Hb and I went to the Philomath museum to see an art exhibit by Terri Thomas.  Beatrice Rubenfeld and her husband Wally turned us on to this exhibit the other evening when we saw them at the OSU art exhibit at LaSells.  It was an exhibit of poetry and art similar to what we did with Kathabela.  Afterwards we stopped by the COOP to pick up some sprouts and peas and then we headed home in the rain and wind.
Sunday 08
Hours exchange at the Old World Deli then a band concert at OSU at LaSells at 3PM.  Concert was a mix of musicians from all over the Will Valley.  In the evening the weather got clear after 2 big days of rain.  At the hours event Lee gave us a stinging nettles plant.  We found out today from Jan about our neighbor Heidi's cancer.
Monday 09
Cut and mowed the grass outside, it was a gorgeous day.  Planeted the remainder of the sunchokes in 3 spots.  2 spots in the back yard and one in the side garden to the far east.
Tuesday 10
The day started off with a email from Luigi at Fidelity. Pick up bread, walk around the park. Hang at Cheryl's for awhile and talk to Amaris and crew.
Wednesday 11
Our neighbor Bob came over to our house today to tell us about Heidi.  I went for a walk out to the river at 6:30AM.  I came home and spoke to Jeff Crouse who told me that Luigi and the program he was offering me was legit.  I wanted to make sure this was not a scam.  I sent in my Luigi Fidelity paperwork today and was up and running by the end of the day.  This is not a scam and it showed up correctly on my trade confirmations that I reviewed later in the day.
Thursday 12
Great talk at the library at 6PM about the c2ctrail.  One man whos name is Gary made this whole thing happen.  He has been working on the dream of a trail to the sea from Corvallis since 2003 but the history of it goes back even further.  A very inspirational talk about how one person can make a difference in our world.  I also checked out from the library For Whom The Bell Tolls by my buddy Ernest.  I now have 2 literay friends.  Willa and Ernest.  I will continue to adopt my friends as the years progress.
Friday 13
Long talk with Iris at 8AM re: M & D returning home from Florida.  We were out at Stahlbush Island Farm at 1PM for the OSU 150 Farm Tour.  Wil and Kathy were there so we had fun eating pumpkin muffins, blueberries and corn along with the tour of their processing facility on the outside.  Afterwards we went out to the Church and I walked down the road and Hb got lost and I had to chase her in the back of a pickup truck from a guy I flagged down on the side of the road.  Afterwards we stopped by the chiropractor for Hb's foot.
Saturday 14
First day at the outdoor Farmer's Market.  It was cloudy but no rain.  Afterwards we sat in the hotel and then went to the Grocery Depot and TJ's.  It was Hb's first time to the Grocery Depot.  In the evening we went to India night at OSU.  We sat with some profressors who live in WL and the woman who was hired this year as the chief diversity officer who interviewed the lady at MLK day back in January.
Sunday 15
Peggy and Bob came over for lunch and then we went to Skye and Lawrence's healing circle.  This was my 2nd time going and the first time I sat in the chair.  I was the 1st person in the chair thanks to a nod from Peggy.  The experience was indescribable but I felt the energy for the first time thanks to Peter's description the other day in our talk about Raja's work that Hb has been doing recently.
Monday 16
Short walk around the block mid afternoon, it was a pretty rainy day all day.  The forecast is set to drastically improve over the next week.
Tuesday 17
Hb has over her Raja group.  Seminal energetic breakthrough on my life and how to move forward with my work and next steps.  Long talk with John Zeuli about energy flow and making the intellect a less important factor.  Take the bus downtown to get the Sun Also Rises and return For whom the Bell Tolls.  Long talk with my neighbor Michael who moved into Patrick's house.  From now on I will refer to him as my neighbor Michael.  Spoke to M & D in the morning. 
Wednesday 18
Starting to crank on work today; back into React in concert with my Github worlds in Mui.  Multiple short walks to the end of the street and did the Bell loop.
Thursday 19
Gorgeous sunny spring day for the first time in several weeks.  Pedro and I went for lunch at Sada and then I cut and mowed the grass.  It was our first time out to lunch since Peter returned home from LA and Hawaii.
Friday 20
Peter came over in the morning to hang out with Hb and then Anya, Hb and Pedro went to lunch at Coriander.  In the late afternoon we went for a walk around the block with Victor who was walking Joe's dog.  I got a travel neck bag from Tal and Miriam that was sitting out on the street.
Saturday 21
Went to the Rasani Fair in Albany.  I bought the Nada Chair from James at Love At First Sit.  Prior we went to Costco to buy wash rags and towels.  Afterwards we went to Lebanon for Thai Food and a walk around the hood and stopped by the candy store.  It was our first time at the Victorian Chocolate store in Lebanon.  We drove home through Tangent, our new favorite way home from Lebanon heading out Airport Road.
Sunday 22
Hb went back to Albany with Peggy for the spiritual fair.  She got home early and we went by the COOP and I talked to Craig from Earth Rising.  Then onto the Hoo Haa at OSU Farm.  I talked to Ken for awhile and then walked north all the way to the river on the property.  Lovely walk.  I got home at dusk.  The farm is very close to our house.  It was a good sunny warm day.  Spring is here.
Monday 23
Shopping in the morning for paper towels.  Tim was over when I came back and then Pedro stopped by.  In the evening I went for a walk around the block and ran into Dan and Amy.
Tuesday 24
Hb and I went to Salem to see the dermatologist.  Afterwards we had lunch at our favorite COOP spot then went for a walk around Minto Brown Island Park.  It was 82 degrees all afternoon, and registered 103 after lunch in the car.  In the evening Hb went over to Renee's for a fire circle.
Wednesday 25
Went to (2) talks today at OSU.  Number 1 was Carleton Owen and Number 2 was Ellen Stofan who talked about life outside Planet Earth and told me after her talk that there is without a doubt single celled life all over the unverse due to the fact there is water all over the universe.  I left the house on the 1:30 bus and got home around 8:30 after walking home after the talk.  It was another hot sunny day in the Wilammette valley.  Hb went to the dentist in the morning for her crown and then to a movie in the evening for Kirtan.
Thursday 26
Mowed and cut the grass and planted seeds outside.  Went over to buy gas.  It was a lovely spring day in Oregon.  In the morning I spoke to Mom who had returned a few days back from Princeton.  Jane Dobkin got married.  In the evening Johng and I went over to the COOP and hung out till about 9:30PM.  Kathy, Renee and Hb did their kundalini class at home.
Friday 27
Long talk with Dad in the morning.  Took a long nap in the afternoon, Hb went to the Chiropractor.  It was a rainy day, but we found a nice window to walk down to the river and it was gorgeous.  In the evening Hb went to a movie with Anya.
Saturday 28
Powow at Western Oregon at noon.  Prior we went to the San Antonio mexican restaurant just down the road towards Independence.  We came home and Bob surprised us with letting us know we did not have to go to the Pink Martini this evening as he found some other folks to take Heidi's tickets.  She purchased them for $70 back in September.  At about 7PM we walked over to Pedro's house to hang out for awhile.  Earlier we watched the movie about the life of Ramanujan.
Sunday 29
Nice long talk with Sharon in the morning.  It was our first chat since she returned from Terlingua and Big Bend.  In the afternoon we swung by the hardware store, learned that Grocery Depot is closed on Sunday, went to Home Depot for ear plugs then on to TJ's.  Earlier we went for a walk in east Corvallis near the Village Green City Park and watched the train go by.  In the evening I walked around the block.  The light is out late now, and I am happy.
Monday 30
Valley Library at 7PM, walked from there to the Coop bus stop and caught the 8:30 bus.  I walked home and it was still light when I arrived at our door step.  The light is now late before May begins.


May 2018


Tuesday 01
Stopped by my new favorite grocery store, Grocery Depot, then on to my new favorite bank after leaving the old local bank behind.  Our first Tuesday market was off to a great start with a beautiful sunny afternoon.  Everyone was there and we had a nice time.  Francesca showed up with a brand spankin new food cart.  I had a nice chat with Mark, I had not seen him since the night of Halloween the day before we went down to Ashland.
Wednesday 02
Went to grocery depot and got some more chips.  We like their chips.  Swung by my new bank / CU.  Did some digging in the herb garden in the back yard.  Hb and I went for a walk and talked to our spanish neighbor on the corner who got a new pit bull like argentinian dog called Dogo.
Thursday 03
Art show in the evening at OSU.  Spoke to Fred Amos, Walley, and David and Lottie were there too.  David had a piece in the show.  It was a clear, but chilly night with some moderate winds.
Friday 04
Bina's farm at 10AM.  Did 2 hours of blackberry cutting back on the north peach tree.  Made good progress, stopped by the COOP for tonight's potluck.  Potluck at Diana and Daniel's house at 4:30PM.  Then swung by kirtan to pick up Hb and Renee.  It was a gorgeous evening at the potluck and I had a nice long talk with Naj.
Saturday 05
Farmer's market in the morning followed by food circuit to buy some items for the pot luck.  Pedro picked us up at 3:30PM and we headed out to Joe and Suzanne's house for a nice Cinco de Mayo party.  Out there we met JP from Mendoza and Ted who lives next door to those guys.  Pedro had a nice chat with Ted who started his Oceanography graduate studies at age 50 and had lived in Hawaii for 35 years.  We got home just after 9PM and the light was there but fading.  This time of year is gorgeous and much appreciated.  Spring time, we love it.
Sunday 06
Plant sale downtown, hung out with Mushroom in his booth.  Afterwards Hb went to have a burger at Block15.  I came home and mowed the lawn, cut the grass.
Monday 07
Art opening at OSU's Waldo Hall.  Hb and I participated in a survey about the blend of art and science by the graduate student who does Georgia O'Keefe type paintings.  We have met her several times around town at various art opening events.  Came home and got the rest of Steve's dirt.  Bob got most of the remainder and I swept up the rest.  There is nothing left.  Kathy Miller gave me a STORM tshirt.
Tuesday 08
Stopped by the bank early in the morning.  I completed my shutdown of two accounts recently and did some reorganization to focus more on local and internet banks.  Stopped by the COOP and saw Katy Stokes and Linda.  In the evening I went to the Tuesday market.  Had a long talk with the milk lady Sandra who lives in Lyons and has 11 kids.  Also talked to Linsey who started coming to the market last year and has a farm just south of town.
Wednesday 09
Went over to Johng's house to help him with his computer around 1PM.  Then walk around the park.  In the late afternoon I went to Home Depot twice.  Once with Hb to buy a hose and another time to take the same hose back.  The 2nd time Hb was on a hike with Kathy and Renee and so I took it back.
Thursday 10
Met Martin Fisk today at the distinguished lecture series with talks by Joey Spatafora and Edward Brook at Oregon State OSU.  Afterwards I walked over to the library and then took the bus home.  From there, I got a plant from Michael and Kerstin and spent the rest of the afternoon outside doing some planting, watering, and general gardening.  It was a lovely afternoon, after a morning and early afternoon of clouds and minimal showers.  Between talks I went for a walk around campus.  Ubnt released earnings today at 5:30AM so I was up early.
Friday 11
Got to Bina's just before 10AM.  Week 2 of working on the old pear tree in the north west corner of the property on the west edge of 49th.  Bina is passionate about her garden.  Farmer's love their work, and I love being out on the land.  Bina gave me some tomatoe plants and baby sunflowers to plant which I did when I got home.  In the evening we went to kirtan.  During the meditation I went for a walk around the short block and then continued on my journey.  The light this time of year is nice, and we had the green back drop the whole time which is lovely.
Saturday 12
Wrote a poem for Heidi who is in her last days, Bob told me she has not eaten in 5 days yesterday.  Wrote a letter to Robert Pera's head of investor relations Laura Kiernan re the call the other day.  Farmer's Market, food circuit for food for potluck this evening at Coho.  Afternoon party with Hb followed by potluck at Coho for Linda Edwards birthday.  Earlier I planted some seeds in the front window garden bed.
Sunday 13
Mother's Day event at Thyme garden, it was a stunningly beautiful hot summer day in May.  We spent most of our time there having a long conversation with Steve Rose.  Then we went for a walk around the property.  At about 3PM we headed over to Clemens Park for the first time.  A gem indeed, just a mellow spot to hang out for awhile.  Headed home on our usual back road Decker.  We had a great day !  We love OR.
Monday 14
Went over to Jan's and she showed me what rasberry plants I can dig up if I want to replant them.  That is all I did today.
Tuesday 15
Hb cut the grass.  Tuesday market, long talk with Will and Mark and Steve.  Slightly cold and windy, had on shorts and my purple jacket.  Heidi died late in the evening on May 15, 2018.
Wednesday 16
Bob came over this morning to tell us that Heidi died some time last night.  I sort of knew it because late in the night I looked across the street and all of the lights were out.  The night prior the porch light had been on and the lights were on in the living room.  Heidi is in a better place.  We left for Portland and went up a new way.  Hwy 22 towards Salem then a left turn on Doakes Ferry.  We stopped of at Spring Valley State Park.  It was a nice little walk around some wet lands and a view across the river.  We headed north and stopped and bought Hb 2 chocolate chip cookies.  We then headed over to Champoeg State Park.  We drove around but did not stay.  Hb went into the visitor center and I waited in the car.  From there we headed to New Season's Market at exit 289 but we went up the back way on Boone's Ferry Road.  Afterwards Will texted us his key location at the back of his house and we let ourselves in.  Kathy and Will arrived soon there after and she and Kathy went to the Kirtan concert downtown.  Will and I went for a walk up on the rock Quary Hill just north of his house on Newland.  I told Will that the best thing I do in my life is go for new walks.  Afterwards we hung out at his house and Johng soon arrived and Will did a fire.  It was a nice evening.
Thursday 17
Hb and I left Will's house at 7:30AM.  We went back to the New Season's grocery store and had a nice breakfast.  We got to Fry's at 10AM and we bought Hb a flash drive and I got a 1TB external hard drive for $38.  From there we headed home on this side of the river on Wilsonville Road to Newberg.  We were home by 1:30PM and I spent the rest of the day mowing the lawn and doing yard work.  Jan and Boyd got back home from there trip.  They just bought some new land towards the coast and they were camped out in their van for a few nights.  Jan had not heard of Heidi's passing.
Friday 18
Steve put up candles and flowers on the street in memory of Heidi.  Steve is an incredible person.  Salmon bake at OSU.  We might a nice guy by the name of Paul who was on our bus, and then we were in line with him and sat with him for lunch.
Saturday 19
Farmer's market.  Hb went to help Diana who had to call 911 for not feeling good.  I hung out with Luke at the Farmer's market.  Late in the day Hb and I went for a walk around the woods part of the park.  It was my first time doing that since last autumn.  I don't remember going through the woods this winter.  Upon returning home I did some watering on the Marion garden.  I am hauling water bottles down there, instead of buying a new hose.
Sunday 20
In the morning I did cooking for the potluck tonight.  Peter came over at 1PM and stayed till 4.  We sat outside, it was a sunny cloudy day but was warm enough to chill outside.  I went over the Yadira's and Nate's farm at 5PM and we had a nice potluck and tour.  Hb forgot about the potluck and had gone to the Lawrence journey group.
Monday 21
Hb had her Raja group come over in the evening.  I spoke to Jaffer prior to their meeting.  We are going to try and get together some time soon.  Mellow day at home.  Boyd and I talked earlier in the afternoon in the garage about cyber bank attacks and other various and sundry things.
Tuesday 22
Roen Hogg came by the Tuesday market and I introduced him to everyone.  It was a good visit, and a hot sunny day in OR.  Earlier in the day I trimmed back some grass from the Marion Berries I planted along the north east hedge of grass.  Now they should get some more light and be easier to water.  I bought 2 tomatoe plants from Cheryl at the end of the market and went home and planted them. 
Wednesday 23
Hang out with Michele's mom's Sister's daughter whose name is Cecelia and Roger Linder from Sacramento.  They came by the house at 11AM today and we went to lunch at Nearly Normal.  Then they came back to the house and we hung out in the back yard until they left around 6PM.  It was a long day, and it was my first time meeting them and they are very nice, warm friendly people.  Roger worked in IT for the State of California for 40 years and retired one year ago.
Thursday 24
Meditation walk on Renee's walk after hb and I did a walk around the park.  Peter called me just as I got home to come watch game 5; the rockets beat the warriors in a stunning "down to the wire" game.  I caught a good game in 2018.
Friday 25
Bina's in the morning.  Worked on cleaning up the blueberries.  Eight plants are now able to be seen.  They were barely visible prior to my getting in there.  Afterwards I hung out with Bob a bit.  Heidi died ten (10) days ago.  She died in the evening and in the morning we went up to Portland just after Bob came over to our house.  Jan and Boyd were gone camping on their land.  Afterwards we went over to the Odd Fellows cemetary to do the flags for Memorial Day weekend.  It was a windy, sunny evening.
Saturday 26
Farmer's Market followed by food shopping.  We came home for one hour and then picked up Gloria and Diana and took them to the Albany train station.  We went to dinner at our favorite Thai in Lebanon and then walked over to the park.  We came home on Tangent Road.
Sunday 27
At around 4PM we headed over to Renee's to put up Leon's Tipi.  Last year I came in late, and this year I was there for the start.  Will and Jaffer were there too, so we had a nice evening of chips, salsa, our brie cheese and some salmon Hb made earlier in the day.
Monday 28
Gorgeous sunny Mem day.  Worked in the morning, followed by outside garden work, including cutting the grass.  Hb gave me a haircut too.  I replanted some pumpkins as well.  In the evening I went over to Pedro's to watch the Rocket's loose to the Warriors.  It was a good series.  And Pedro got to see his Celtics as well go to game 7 with the Cavs but Lebron James was too much in the end.  Hb went to the movies with the girls and Will.
Tuesday 29
Hb kicked off her 2nd class with Jaffer, Renee, and Kathy and got the $150 checks from everyone today.  Hb went to the Oddfellows potluck and I went to the Tuesday market.  I met Francesca's twins (gemelas) grand daughters (nietas, hija grande).  I came home and watered my squash plants which I had transplanted yesterday from the northeast county garden.  Yesterday was hot and sunny, and today was cool and partly cloudy; a lovely late spring day in OR.  In the morning I had a nice talk with Dad.  He got his chrome book up and running, which is kind of cool.
Wednesday 30
Long talk with David Friedman.  He is starting a summer job soon at BNY Mellon.  He told me about his semester at CMU.  He has 1.5 years of school left.  He told me about his classes.  What a journey college is.  I can't believe what a waste of time the actual content I learned was used for.  But oh well, add it to the list.  Hb and I went for a walk late in the day.
Thursday 31
Went to get gas, grocery depot for organic avacados, 3 por un dolar, and completed the banking transfers that I started in the spring by moving some cash around to its final resting place.  Hb cleaned the house and then we went for a short walk.


June 2018


Friday 01
Bina's by 10AM.  More work on the west gate and the area of the blueberries and currants.  Afterwards went by Grocery Depot to buy a bunch of avocados which were 3 por un dolar.  In the afternoon Hb and I went for a walk and saw Mark and Karen Mayo.
Saturday 02
Farmer's Market followed by the Solidarity Fair.  We had some rice and tortillas and pulled pork.  Ken was there.  We then walked over to OSU and hung out in the Mem Union.  Then walked over to Reser stadium briefly for some outside music which was too loud.  We walked back downtown on Western.  We came home and I did a massive watering and had a nice long talk with John Zeuli.  It was a glorious spring day in Corvallis.
Sunday 03
Amy Becker's 60th B-day party at Coho.  Started out with some Indian dancing.  It was a great party with lots of chocolate cake.  I had a nice long talk with Rain who is now 13.  She went down to Honduras in March, so she is keeping up with her Spanish.
Monday 04
Msft is buying Github for 7.5B.  Mellow day at home.  Had a nice talk with Jim Sigman at 5:30PM.  His girlfriend Domi moved into Jim's house and she sold her condo.  Also, Cliff moved back to Denver about 6 months ago.
Tuesday 05
Walked over to pick up my bread from Kerstin then did a walk around the park back through Xigam land.  Jaffer and Renee were at the house for a session.  In the evening Hb and I went to an exhibit at OSU for the Philomath Studio Tour.  Hb spoke to Barb Belknap about the gate on the road.
Wednesday 06
Hb went to Portland this morning to spend the night at Licia's and pick Luke up in the morning.  I have been talking about Indian food for a month now and today was the day to go get some.  At 1PM I showed up and just missed the bus at 2:15PM.  So I walked to the COOP and caught the 2:45PM bus home.  It was another gorgeous day.  I walked west on Jackson up to the bank and then back across campus prior to lunch.  Late in the day around 7PM Naj stopped by with Buddy to hang out for awhile.  We chatted in the driveway.  It was warm but breezy and allergies are still not completely subsided.
Thursday 07
Hb arrives home from Portland with Luke, Ashley, Tanner, and Tenley around 4PM.  We sat outside for awhile and ate guacamole, then we walked over to the park and did the big loop, as well as down to the river on the beach.  Luke skipped some rocks and then we swung back through Renee's. We had fish for dinner which was yummy.
Friday 08
Hb, Luke, Ashley, Tanner, and Tenley all went to Newport.  They got home around 4PM.  I gave Luke and Ashley a ride downtown to go out for dinner and drinks.  They will take Uber home.
Saturday 09
Farmer's Market with Luke, Ashley, Tanner, and Tenley.  Stopped by TJ's for some bananas.  Cooked.  Peter came over at 4PM.  Afterwards Luke, Tanner, Tenley and I went to the park at the end of the day.
Sunday 10
Hb and family go north to Left Coast Cellars, I stayed at home.  In the evening we all went to a potluck at Cheryl's.  I come home and go for a walk around WL.  The rain held off until my return home.
Monday 11
Luke, Ashley and kids headed off to the coast and I headed off to Eugene without a plan of where I was going.  The universe guided me first to our favorite Thai restaurant on 29th then on to Hwy 58 just south of the 32nd street exit.  I headed east and stopped at the Ranger Station just west of Oakridge.  A very nice park Ranger lady told me where to camp at the Salmon Creek campground.  I found a lovely spot just past the camp ground and just before the bridge.  I just pulled my car off the side of the road just so there was a nice spot for my sleeping bag.  It took me awhile to realize I was not going to sleep in the car but instead right outside the car.  Happened to have a pad, Ridgerest and some other things to lay my sleeping bag down.  The weather was perfect in the evening and all night long.  It was not too cold.  Waking up in the middle of the night and seeing the stars is really lovely.  I had not gone camping in OR I don't think ever ?  Will have to check on this...  This spot was perfect.
Tuesday 12
Up at the sun which was shining bright.  Picked up a bunch of ugly trash down by the river including old aerosol cans and bunch of other garbage and big plastic bags.  I dumped them in a trash can just inside the campground.  Very convenient.  Left my place and headed into town and drove around.  Had a long talk with Robert who had moved up from Eugene and was building his house.  He used to live on Grant Street in Eugene.  We talked in front of the brew pub, it was sunny and warm and lovely in Oakridge.  He was a good guy.  He was in the army at 18 and had spent some time in the southwest.  From there I headed home.  I went across the bridge at Lowell into Fall Creek, Jasper and picked up the Hwy 126 to I5 north to Exit 216.  Then headed up 99E for the first time in my life to Tangent and took the normal way home from there.  Spoke to Will Lerner till around 3PM and then headed home.  Everyone was gone.  Hb took them up to Portland to catch a 7:30PM plane.  I did some laundry and cleaned up garbage and general tidiness around the outside of the house.
Wednesday 13
Started dealing with the refridgerator light bulb issue.  Went over to Winco to buy some dried fruit then onto T-Mobile to renew my phone service.
Thursday 14
Hb had her class over in the evening and I worked outside.  I took the big branch that Steve pulled down and layed it on the Jen neighbor property line.  It placed there nicely.  Also cut back some blackberries and poison oak.  In the morning I had a nice talk with M & D.
Friday 15
Bina's in the morning.  Met Jerry's twin brother Jim and his wife Camille.  In the afternoon went to hear Harvey Jessup and Mike Rich talk about film.  Harvey is the speaker tomorrow at the OSU graduation.
Saturday 16
Farmer's market around noon.  Talked to Ethan, Ken, Bina.  Afterwards Peter came over and Hb, Pedro, and I hung out in the side yard and talked.  It was a gorgeous sunny day.  Then Hb and I drove over to Lebanon for a nice Thai dinner.  Afterwards we walked around the rail yard and the old train station.  The ride home towards sun set was lovely.  We stopped and looked at our lamb friends hanging out in the field with birds on their back.
Sunday 17
First hot summer day in the morning.  Hb and I went for a walk in the park down to the river.  We had a Father's Day gathering at Gloria and Diana's house.  Will and Lesley were there and I got to know Will a bit better.  Phoenix and Naj's dog buddy is dying.
Monday 18
Mellow day at home; at 9PM I walked to the end of the street and back.  We love summer.
Tuesday 19
Walk over to the Tuesday market, then down the hill from there, through the jungle and back around into the park back up the path with steps.  Hb and I had a nice walk.
Wednesday 20
Over to the library in the evening to go the library and hear some music.  Saw Rowan and his partner Doug.  Doug's old fraternity brother Harley Jessup was the speaker at commencement last Saturday so we discussed that.
Thursday 21
Started watering around 1PM, did the side garden and the Marion garden towards 2:30PM.  Pulled grass from the side berries and Jaffer arrived around 2:30PM.   Hb went to Britenbush and I went shopping at TJ's, Grocery Depot and picked up some gas.  At 6:30PM I headed over to Scott and Kathleen's.  The other couple that lives downtown was there whose name is Alan.  He is kind of a weird looking guy who was from LA.  Then Doug and Rowan showed up and at the end of the evening Linda and Gary House.  I got home around 10:30PM and it was still light outside.  Its true, the longest day of the year and its light at 10:30PM.
Friday 22
Got to Bina's around 10AM.  It was a glorious day.  Afterwards I hit the Grocery Depot on the way home.  Its not too hot and relatively sunny today.  At Bina's it was cloudy and cool, not hot.
Saturday 23
Went over to Phoenix's in the morning to hang out and pay my last respects to Buddy who is dying.  I saw a big hole in the back yard and asked Phoenix what is the hole for.  He didn't tell me but let me try and guess.  It took me awhile to get it.  Once you get something you get it good.  We talked about the men's group possibly with Johng.  I picked up Ken and we went out to Beth's party at her Goodfoot Farm.  I did a hike up the hill in Starker Forest.  It was a splendid evening.  Had a nice talk with Larry who is the person in charge of the Farmer's market husband and Lucas who is a friend of Bina.  He cut his hair and is working for Rachel and Elias at Rainshine.
Sunday 24
Ken came by around 9 and we went to the horse show, then on to Woodie's which was a trip.  He adjusted my neck.  Then we stopped by Jude's for the pond.  It was a perfect day.  Hb got back from Breitenbush.  She went there with Jaffer.
Monday 25
Did some massive cutting on the tree leaning over to Jay and Sarah's yard.  Made a very big pile of debris, limbs, branches next to the fire hydrant and behind the traffic guard.  It was chilly out this evening, but I had on my long underwear and long sleeve black shirt and I was comfortable.  Working at Bina's outside actually helped me feel better about doing all of this stuff.  Earlier in the day Hb went to Walmart in Albany to buy a car set for Jason's impending arrival in 2 weeks.
Tuesday 26
Tuesday market.  Finally learned Alberto's name who is from Rio Rancho and Paul who is Shari Ame's helper.  Also Hannah is back in town since Jarad her boyfriend who is Cheryl's nephew is back.  They cut the north east field finally.  So I watered heavily the raspberries and moved some grass clippings there as well.  Had a nice talk with Scott Williams.  I told him I might be going to Spain.
Wednesday 27
Installed the fridge light socket and got it correct by taking out the old one and putting in the new one only to discover by accidentally hitting the switch that it was not the light socket at all that I spent $40 on, but it was the switch that is faulty.  I read that on the internet but did not understand what they were saying.  Oh well, the excitement of discovery in problems and how things work.  Thats how discoveries get made in life; very cool.  At 5PM we went to Del Alma for dinner.  The last time we were there was January 20 after Berto Boyd and Grant Ruiz.  We had the special $30 meals and that was alot of food.
Thursday 28
Met Diana's sister Alma at her potluck today.  Dan and Amy were there along with Will, Johng, Phoenix.  Diana's brother just bought a new house so Alma was out here to help him move.  It was a beautiful night and I sat outside by myself and looked at the clouds.
Friday 29
We went for a walk in the evening and saw Casey who was tending his farm at the beginning of Park.  He took over the spot where Luke used to farm.  The plum tree next to his land is now full of plums.  Its that time in OR where the fruit on the trees is starting to come out.  Summer is now in full bloom.
Saturday 30
Woke up, read my email and discovered that Joe P was coming through town.  He was driving from Pittsburgh out here to the coast and he stopped by today to hang out with us.  We went to the Farmer's Market in the morning to get some cucumbers and summer squashes.  We got back home and Joe had just arrived.  He parked in our driveway.  We hung out for awhile in the garage and then just as we were about to sit down to lunch Tim Dehne rang our door bell.  We all had lunch together and Tim stayed till about 5:30PM along with Joe.  They left together.  Hb and I went for a walk through the woods in the park.


July 2018


Sunday 01
The day started out cloudy, like I now like it in Oregon.  Dealt with my diary part one and archiving it.  I love the ritual of this day and doing this semi-annual event.  It was done before 9AM.  Hb and I went for a nice hike out in the Starker Forest out on Woods Creek Road.  It was a gorgeous afternoon and the hike was lovely.  Afterwards we had dinner at our favorite Mexican restaurant in Philomath and I learned that they have 4 corn tortillas por un dolar.
Monday 02
Hb and I finished cleaning up the tree that was sitting next to the barrier.  We cut it up into small pieces and fit it into the bucket.  Earlier we went for a walk around the swingset in the park.
Tuesday 03
Walked over to Renee's land prior to going to the Tuesday market.  Johng was down there on the phone and we talked to him afterwards.  He is trying to sell his trailer for 900.  Spoke to Ken at the Farmer's market along with Alberto and his girlfriend Eve.  Afterwards we hit the OddFellow's Meeting.  It was our first time there since before Charlie became Nobel Grand back in Feb or March.  It was nice to be back to a meeting.
Wednesday 04
At 7PM we went to get pie at Brynn and Richard's house down the street.  They moved in a few months back.  Richard is a softball umpire and pitched for 30 years fast pitch up near Portland Gresham.  He worked at Fred Meyer selling jewelery.  Hester who lives across the street is from Amsterdam.  Helen's great grand daughter McKenna is 10 years old and Cheryl is her grandmother.  Jan stopped by afterward to look at the garlic we harvested earlier in the day.  I got all of the garlic from under the fig tree and I have more to do in the other circle bed next door.
Thursday 05
In the morning I swung by the Grocery Depot to pick up some sausages for this evening's pot luck at Phoenix and Naj's house.  The BBQ was lovely.  I had a long talk with Phil.  I had only met him once at his house several years back with Renee and Lee Miller, but we sat under the apple tree and enjoyed the evening.  We met Shelly, a new person to town, whose husband recently died of pancreatic cancer.  She had lived in Montana with her husband on a 40K acre farm.  She thinks the cancer might have been caused by eating Peanut Butter.  I also had a nice long talk with Cedar who is interested in traveling more to Spanish speaking lands.
Friday 06
Worked at Bina's on the black berries next to the big water storage tank, the big tree, and Bina's old VW Bus.  Lots of progress, it was a rather hot day but I was in the shade which was nice.  Spent the rest of the day at home mellowed out and working.
Saturday 07
Eugene Farmer's Market followed by Sundance for lunch.  Then we drove over to the river near Adam's office and went for a long walk up to the bridge.  Afterwards we had dinner at the lonely planet and then Hb had dessert at the Patiseria. We stopped off in Harrisburg on the way home and hung out at the river.
Sunday 08
Spoke to Mom and Dad in the early afternoon.  In the late afternoon I finished up the garlic.  I am leaning towards not planting garlic this autumn.  We can take a year off from garlic and give the soil a break, and plant a cover crop along with some greens.
Monday 09
Walk around the park.  Earlier I spoke to Iris.  E got a full time job starting this fall at Winchester.  I believe she will be teaching Kindergarten.  Had a nice email correspondence with Beegee.  It was her birthday a few days back.  Beegee's husband flew Maya out to visit with her for 5 days.  Pedro got back from a 3 day trip to Santa Fe for Uncle Tom who passed away a few months back.
Tuesday 10
Started out the day with the group coming over for Raja and Hb went to the airport at 10AM.  I listened to Raja in the background and afterwards had a long talk with Jaffer about life and what we learned today.  While Jaffer was hanging out with me everyone got home from the airport.  We drove over to the beach at the river and the dock too, and Nick went swimming along with Munchies.  The Tuesday market was packed full of conversations and afterwards I went by Mark's to pick some spinach and then hung out with Craig and Michael till dusk.  Craig came over and we sat in the garage and talked till late.  He drank an Espacio beer on ice and I learned more about his life.
Wednesday 11
Nick and I took the bus over to OSU and we walked around.  He got a sandwich at Subway and we went over to Chipotle and had a nice lunch.  We sat there for awhile and I listened to the techno geek music.  It was strange and surreal and not a world I usually live in.  But as I sat there for awhile I started to enjoy it.  Strange.  Afterwards we hit the library briefly, I picked up a short story book with 
Thursday 12
Hb and the kids go to the coast.  Renee and Jaffer come over to do a download, then Pedro comes over to hangout.  We sat outside under the tree.  I come in and make some lunch and then everyone gets back home.  Nick and I go for a walk over to the market stand and get back at midnight.  The planets in the summer are lovely.
Friday 13
I watched the kids in the morning and Jason and Hb went shopping.  In the afternoon everyone went swimming at the pool and I took a nap and worked.  In the evening we had a nice BBQ chicken dinner with mashed potatoes and then Nick and I went for a bike ride.  He picked lots of blackberries next to the water facility.  It is cooling off nicely this evening.  I harvested the Fava beans.  All thats left now in the circle garden is the pumpkins, tomatoes, sunflowers and sunchokes.  So the Favas are sitting there next to the garden ready to be picked off the vine and put in a bag or box.
Saturday 14
Farmer's market in the morning followed by McDonald's for the kids.  Came home and I did some cooking.  Then we went over to the river and Nick did some laps swimming, getting out, and walking back to the beach.  It was hot, sunny, and a gorgeous sunny day on the river.  In the evening we did our daily bike ride, but skipped the walk this evening.
Sunday 15
Hang at the house till about 3PM.  Then Nick and I stopped by Subway for his sandwich.  Then on from there to Cardwell Hill hike.  We hiked to the train bridge.  Hung out at the bridge, then came back home and stopped by Subway for a re-fill.  We had a nice walk at dark over to the swing at the Tuesday market and talked about a lot of life stuff.  Nick and I have a really nice bond and connection on this trip.  It turned out to be much more than I could have ever imagined.  Its a good life !
Monday 16
Went out to the rock shop in Lebanon and then over to the Roaring River Park.  We did the creek and then hung out under the bridge while Nick and Munchies swam.  In the evening Jason, Nick and I went down to the river and hung out on the dock and Nick swam around.  It was a beautiful evening.  At the end of the night Nick and I hung outside till midnight on our final talk.  Just before we went to bed I gave him the $10 to also open up the bank account.
Tuesday 17
The kids leave around 10AM.  We go to the Tuesday market around 6PM.  Come home and water the north garden on Marion and harvest the rest of the fava beans there as well.
Wednesday 18
Hb went to do her hospice work.  In the evening we went for a bike ride around the park.  Then I watered the berries and the Marion street garden.
Thursday 19
Hb worked till 6PM.  She came home and got ready for her group.  I went to TJ's and to buy some gas.  Went to the VC for some supplements.  I got the wrong ones so I had to go back again.  It was a beautiful summer evening.  Not too hot, just perfect outside.
Friday 20
Hb and I went to KP for Hb's checkup with the doctor.  Then we went to Costo and then our favorite grocery store for lunch and then we walked the big loop around the park.  Next time we will walk to the bridge.  It was a gorgeous sunny summer day in OR and the temps were perfect in the park right around 80.
Saturday 21
Farmer's market in the morning.  Party at Scott and Kathleen's in the evening.  We had fun.  Byron was there with his new girlfriend Anna.  We hat met Anna several years back at their house but we never knew Byron was with her.  It was a lovely evening and Hb and I partied before hand at home.
Sunday 22
Hours exchange in the afternoon at the river front.  I got a plant from Lee of Marjoram.  He broke up with Jackie, too bad.  Bina's pot luck was nice.  Dave and Lottie showed up for the first time.  Jude was there tambien.
Monday 23
In the evening my new neighbor Richard came over.  He lives with Brynn in the house the Mexicans used to live in.  We talked for a long time.  Then I saw Steve outside and we talked for awhile about how at this stage in our life its all about letting go of things in our life.
Tuesday 24
Tuesday market where we met Tal's brother from Israel.  Afterwards we went over to Peter's and met Hugh's exchange student from Spain.  It was great sitting outside with Pedro and Alex, the exchange student speaking in Spanish.  I love it !
Wednesday 25
Around noon I went over and picked up a bunch of apples on Bell.  The evening before I had stopped by and asked them if I could have their apples on the ground.  I picked up every single apple and brought them back in the wheel barrow.  In the evening Hb and I went down to the dock and sat and watched people swim and ride by on their boards.  We wat on the river at the bench further down and then swung back around through WL.  Summer time in OR is glorious.
Thursday 26
Trimmed back the front bushes in the early evening and went for a bike ride in the late evening back down to the docks.  Earlier I sorted apples from yesterday.
Friday 27
Spoke to Mom on her Bday.  Went for a walk and ran into Phoenix.  We went by their house and hung out with Phoenix and Naj till dark.  Phoenix gave us some yummy turkey soup.
Saturday 28
Hb went to a memorial service for Starleaf, the woman she was taking care of in hospice.  In the evening, I cut the grass and we picked up all of the pine cones in all of the yards.  It was a gorgeous evening and the full moon came out at dark.  I love being outside working.
Sunday 29
Lunch at Sada with Bob and Peggy.  We then went to the Journey circle in the park with Skye.  It was hot, we saw 97 on the phone and 111 in the car.  Today is going to be the hottest day of the next 2 week period.  In the evening I spoke to John Zeuli, we had a nice chat.  I gave him an update on the summer highlights so far.
Monday 30
Spent yesterday and today researching Mississippi and learned a whole bunch.  Bob brought us by corn and Mike brought us by zukes.  We hung out for awhile and I showed him my plant.  Hb went rowing on the river with Leon and Renee.  I got another batch of apples in the early afternoon.  In the evening I harvested some fava beans that unfortunately turned moldy in the box they were drying in.  Farming is a hard road; challenging, just like life.
Tuesday 31
Picked up bread from Kerstin's.  She has been out of town the past couple of weeks.  Tuesday market followed by annual 5th Tuesday potluck at Central Park with pizza and music.  Tim, Phoenix, Lee, Claude, Rowan, Doug, Ken, Anya, Diana, Kathy Miller, Mike Beilstein and crew.  It was a very nice evening.  Idyllic so to speak.


August 2018


Wednesday 01
Pedro came over in the morning and we hung outside after his bike ride.  Then I spoke to Dad about winter options with them.  Then Phoenix stopped by for the afternoon and then I walked him back home.  Naj is out of town for a couple of weeks visiting her Mom.  Hb had her group over in the evening.
Thursday 02
I fasted till Hb left for a potluck at Diana's house.  I didn't want to go.  Hb and I went for a long walk in the park along the forest path in the river and discussed the next steps for my winter plans.  In the evening she went to Diana's house for a potluck.  The whole gang was there but I decided to stay home and chill out for numerous reasons.
Friday 03
Got up and made my reservation to go home to Pittsburgh on October 23 returning on November 05.  I had a long talk with Dad about this whole deal 2 days back and we hashed out the face that coming home later in the month and spending time at their house while they were gone in Fl. did not make a whole lot of sense because the weather is crappy plus they were NOT too keen on Hb staying at their house either which basically puts a kabash on that concept.  I have been putting a lot of energy into this whole concept recently so its good to at least figure out what the heck is going on in part I.  Now I need to deal with what I / we are going to do this winter.  At least for now I will have the Pittsburgh part figured out and we can worry about the next step another day.  Hb and I went to the Benton County Fair in the afternoon.  We took the free bus from the stadium.  It was a gorgeous evening.  Hb had an ice cream cone and then a big ol fat 1/3 cheese burger.  Yum.  At dark, we had a nice talk with our neighbor Steve and I ate some blackberries.
Saturday 04
Farmer's Market in the morning.  Had a long talk with the corn guy Paul.  He told me all about pigs and artificial insemination.  The whole process in detail, fascinating.  We talked to Rebecca's husband Larry who is considering coming to the Tuesday market starting in September.  In the afternoon we went over to David and Tamara Goldstein's house with Renee.  They live on Viewmont the next to last house on the left.  He is a writer.  Very interesting folks with a lovely house.  The tea and crumpets were good too.  Afterwards we helped Linda Edwards on the Court house lawn knock down her exhibit.  Brynn, our new neighbor was happy to see us there.  In the evening Phoenix and I went for a walk around the park.
Sunday 05
Phoenix's for apples all day.  Pedro drove me over to his house in the morning and Hb went to Yachats.  Then Lee came over in the mid afternoon and around 5PM we went to the pool for the COOP party.  I was on the slide and in the wave pool.  It was a gorgeous, lovely day and fun was had by all.
Monday 06
Hb was still out at the coast and got home around dinner time.  I went swimming over at the pool and attempted to clear out my ear wax.  I think it worked.  It was a gorgeous day.  Not too hot, but hot enough to enjoy the pool.
Tuesday 07
Mailed off a check to Nick for $100 at the PO.  I gave him the money while he was out here and he recently opened a bank account to deposit the check into.  Tuesday market.  Gata did a Tarot reading for me and we met Holly and her 2 children Clay and Brooke.
Wednesday 08
Cheryl and Michael's 8/8 party with Peter.  It was a warm lovely night for the party.  I had a nice talk with Steve who told me about sleep cycles and appreciating the time when you wake up early in the morning.  Earlier in the day Tim stopped by to check in.  He is once again running for Benton County commisioner.
Thursday 09
In the evening we went with Phoenix over to Starker Park to see a concert and ended up hanging out at the duck pond.  We walked around the gardens and ran into Johng and Renee who we were planning to meet there as well.  It was a lovely evening.  Earlier in the day I swung by the bank for Saturday's adventure to Eugene.
Friday 10
Worked all day, Hb had her group over in the evening.
Saturday 11
No go with the saphire ring guy at the eugene farmer's market followed by lunch at the indian restaurant next to the sundance market.  Went for a walk down at the river and went for a journey in the rabbit hole next to the river.  We hung out in the park for hours and started to watch the sun set on a lovely place.  Then we went to have a pint of ruby jewel ice cream and a gluten free cookie.  Stopped by the park in harrisburg and then met Johng at our house to print out a drug prescription card.
Sunday 12
Started out the day listening to Robert Pera's investor call from last year.  Ken came over around 4PM and we headed out to Bellfountain Park and picked up Anya along the way.  Party was great, everyone from Earth Rising showed up including Craig, Lee, Sole, and Mahogany.
Monday 13
Hb went to the movies in the evening.
Tuesday 14
It is only a 10 minute drive from the COOP to Ken's house.  Was at Andrea's by 9:15AM and got right to work.  Picked for her, then for me, and then sorted blueberries at her table in the afternoon.  We discussed her breast cancer.  It was a lovely hazy, smoky day that kept the sun at bay.  I dropped Ken off at 2:30PM, hit Walmart for bags, came home, and Hb and I put berries in the freezer.  We hit the Tuesday market, came home and did some watering around the yard and planted some Amaranth from Linda Edwards.
Wednesday 15
Hb and I went downtown to go to the bank and the post office.  In the evening I did some yard work and talked to Doug and Jamie about Lloyds of London and the Oregon Insurance Policy started 42 years ago with a 4 million dollar premium and a 50 million dollar deductible.
Thursday 16
Third Thursday Art Walk; last stop was Fred Amos, and the first stop was Natural Grocers for an ice cream Sunday.  We saw Sawyer there and Tamara.  Then to the Arts Center and Beatrice house where we saw Wally.  Then onwards.  Hang at Peter's house.  Took him some blue berries for a gift plus Yerba Mate.
Friday 17
Mindy is back !  We hung out with her and Juniper this evening and walked with them over to Naj's for her birthday party.  Naj and Pedro have their birthday on the same day.  I hung out with Will all night out side and talked about life.
Saturday 18
First time having breakfast at the Dizzy Hen.  It was wonderful and reasonable.  Afterwards we walked around Philomath all the way to the end of the streets.  From there we went and did the grocery circuit to buy food for tomorrow's potluck for heidi and bob who is hosting it at the avery park shelter.  In the evening we went to an art opening at LaSells and hung with Will and Linda Edwards, we saw Kathleen Stursa there too.  Afterwards we went for a walk around the track on campus.
Sunday 19
Heidi's Memorial.  We walked around the park twice afterwards.  During the party we hung out with all of the neighbors including Mindy, Jay, Sarah, Anna, Doug, Jaimie, Boyd, Jan, Steve, Faith.  It was a lovely day.  In the evening I hung out in the driveway of Boyd and Jan.
Monday 20
Packed all day.  Late in the day we took the fire pit cover over to Naj's.  They got a fire stand pit, and we had the cover for them.  Smoke hung low in the air for the first time all summer.  Its been smoky, but not too this extreme.  Off tomorrow to the Clatsop State park.
Tuesday 21
Got up at 7am.  We got ready and left the house by about 9:30AM.  The smoke was BAD but we decided to push forward north on 99.  Hb suggested turning back and heading south but we were committed to AirBnB in Astoria.  We got to Forest Grove and the smoke was much better.  We walked around town and had nice lunch at Bites.  We got the lunch special of a nice pork dish.  It was yummy.  Afterwards we went over to the library and read for awhile and then headed out Hwy 26 to Henry Rieman Campground in the Clatsop State Forest just past the Baker Store and just west of Hwy 103.  We met Bud the campground host and found a nice spot.  Campsite 20 for $20.  We set up our tent, had some food and went for a walk continuuing on the road and down to the river which was lovely.  The night was young and we went to bed at dark.
Wednesday 22
Got up with a nice breakfast of watermellon and greens from what I cooked on Monday.  We went for a hike up the trail from the campground for a few hours.  It was pretty steep and up and down.  Got back to the campground and had a Lar Bar Pedro gave us about 6 months back.  At 1pm we left for the coast.  We were in Astoria by 2:15.  Kris checked us in and we walked around town.  We had a nice lunch at Buoy Brewery.  I had a tuna melt and Hb had fish and chips.  Afterwards we went to get a pint of ice cream with chocolate sauce.  We went home and I went for a walk out towards the tower hill and then returned home.  The day was foggy with no sun.  Astoria is an interesting place.
Thursday 23
Breakfast at our place followed by walk around downtown to check out the shops.  We had a nice lunch of eggs at the Columbian.  We then walked all the way to under the bridge and past near the docks where the smaller boats are.  From there we took the trolley down to the 39th pier and then back again to around 12th.  The trolley driver gave us the tour with some humor.  We then walked around more and watched a lady learn about glass blowing.  We then had a nice dinner of sushi; it was light and airy.  We walked around the hills to sunset and then I went on an added walk up the trail from our house continuuing up 12th for another bit.  The day was magnificent, partly sunny with some blue sky.
Friday 24
Checked out about 10:30am after packing up the car.  We saw Kris and said goodbye.  We walked downtown to the Columbian restaurant for breakfast; the same place where we ate yesterday.  We had a yummy breakfast.  Afterwards we walked back home and drove over to Safeway to get some ice.  We also stopped off at the COOP for some food.  Drove across the bridge and had a nice lunch at an Irish pub in Gray's landing called Duffy's.  Diane worked there who moved here from Westminster near Denver.  She moved here two years ago and was our waitress.  Headed over to the Skamokawa Resort, checked into our room and then drove out to the National Wildlife refuge.  We went for an hour hike on the dirt road and then had a nice baked potato at the Duck Inn next to our hotel.  I walked over to the beach at dusk and checked out everyone having a campfire.
Saturday 25
Splendid day in Cathlamet after a nice morning at our humble resort abode.  We got there and rode over to the ferry port.  Afterwards we hung out on the Puget Island and rested on the side of the road.  The sun began to appear briefly.  We love the PNW.  We headed into town and had delicious gluten free assortment of goodies including 2 chocolate chip cookies, a medium pizza, a ruben and a lovely salad.  The food lasted for lunch and dinner and we each kicked in $20.  And I was worried about us finding food in this neck of the woods once we left Astoria.  Turns out the universe took care of us once again.  After lunch we headed down to the docks for a rest on the shore, went out on the docks to look at the boats, and then hung out looking out over the river bay of the Columbia.  The afternoon slowly passed and we walked from the marina into town.  Along the way I picked up a nice batch of pears that had fallen from a neighbor tree.  The pears are ready to go just like the black berries.  We stayed in town till around 4PM and just then as we were driving back home it started to sprinkle.  Our timing was magnificent.  We got in a day of wandering and sight seeing the area and made it home safe and sound back to our nice room 2 over looking the harbor and the river to the south.  I picked up 3 nice books.  The Return of the King, the third in a series of the Lord of the Rings along with poetry books by Ralph Waldo Emerson and Walt Whitman.
Sunday 26
We love Washington and the Skamokawa Resort.  It was a splendid place.  The day started out with a long talk with Nick who looked like Andy.  He was just sitting there drinking his coffee in the chair at the condo next door.  He wasn't staying there but enjoyed sitting there in the morning.  He saw lots of wildlife over the years.  Why make coffee when you can go out and buy it next door.  He was lonely, but friendly.  We talked about his life and he gave me advice I asked for which was play it by ear and don't force things.  His chat with me, in reference to Emerson last evening was very appropriate.  From there we had the senior breakfast at the Duck Inn and then went into Cathlamet for block ice.  We got to the ferry terminal about 45 minutes early just as the folks were getting off.  We hung out there on the water and at noon on the bell the ferry crossed the Columbia.  We loved being out on the water.  We stopped by and got some lunch to go at Clatskanie and then went on to our camp site back at Henry Rierson.  We got our tent up and ate our dinner we had just picked up and then it started raining.  It was still raining when we woke up at 3am.  Actually, the rain had stopped but it was still very wet.
Monday 27
Up at 3am because a chipmunk was trying to get in our tent from underneath the ground.  I was worried it was going to chew through the tent.  It was pitch dark.  Luckily we had a light, key concept for camping.  By 4am we were on the road.  We got home at 7:30am and was greeted by Patrick and Juniper who were going for a walk around the block.  Bob stopped by too, coming back from his walk.  It was our first time seeing Patrick since he got home on Saturday, 3 days ago.  He came separately from Mindy because his truck broke down.  The afternoon became sunny and hot and it dried out all of our sleeping bags.  In the evening we hung out with Patrick, Mindy, Izzy, and Juniper, Doug and Jamie at the end of the street.  It was the first time we were all together since Patrick and Mindy left about one year ago.
Tuesday 28
Tim Dehne's forum in the evening along with mayor forum.  Afterwards I spoke to Pedro and Renee and Johng stopped by late at night.  Earlier in the day I had a nice talk with John Zeuli.
Wednesday 29
Worked in the morning, followed by Farmer's Market and shopping at the store circuit.  Bought another round of chips.  Dealt with batteries for smoke detectors, lights from camping etc...  Hb is getting ready to go down to Sacramento to be with Pat.  In the evening we went over to check out Diana and Anya's new house at 555 Park and got some pears that had fallen off the tree.  We had a nice chat with Casey and I picked up 3 hazelnuts.  Afterwards I went for a short walk and had my first semi long talk with Patrick.  He is now back almost a week on Saturday.  Its great to have them back in the hood; and I mean really great !
Thursday 30
Hb left for Sacramento at 8am because Pat didn't drink enough water a few days back and ended up in the hospital.  I took the bus downtown at 11am and went over to the Valley Library at OSU.  I read up about Fernando Arrabel.  Afterwards I walked over to the north COOP and then over to Kings to catch the bus home.  I got home around 5PM after picking up some purple plums on the corner of Crystal Lake and Park.
Friday 31
Day started out kind of blue and ended up light and sunny.  The key was the big walk out to 53rd across campus.  I hung out a bit in the library prior to departing.  Got home around 5:30PM and went and picked up a bunch of pears off the ground on Ryan at my favorite house with a pear tree.  Did some cooking and yard work in the evening including watering outside.


September 2018


Saturday 01
Farmer's Market had a long talk with Pat Malone who is running for county commisioner against Tim Dehne.  Also hung out with Bina who gave me some delicious plum cake.  Tim and I got some tamales from Blanca and Francesca and then we headed out to Doug's house.  Adrian, Marc her husband, Gary her ex-husband all live there too.  We got there about 2PM and left about 10PM.  I went for numerous walks across their farm as the day settled into evening and finally night.  They have a beautiful spot at the bottom of the hill on Bellfountain Road from Airport road.  Simply head north or right on Bellfountain from Airport Rd and they are right there.
Sunday 02
Long talk with Pedro and Mom and Dad are back from their cruise.  In the afternoon around 3:30PM Ken came over and we hung out in the backyard and then went for a walk around the park and back up through Xigam land.  We had a nice potluck.  Ken brought avocados, cherry tomatoes, and grapes which we did not eat.
Monday 03
Pedro came over and we hung out for a few hours outside.  Then I had some lunch and went over to Home Depot to get a seal for the toilet which has been leaking for the past week.  Decided to possibly buy a toilet when Hb returns home later in the week.  Spoke to Tim and Phonix.  In the evening I went for a walk across 99 and then back via Wake Robin down Park and back around Bell Park and I ran into Joe.  We walked back over to the park through the cemetery and she told me all about G-d.  It was an interesting conversation and she told me how she let her Mom go by telling her she could leave similar to Hb's story in the hospice sense.
Tuesday 04
Go the hardware store to get some keys made, then hit the COOP where I had a long talk with Strix.  Then home, then back to Home Depot to get keys made.  Do them here on their new computer rather than the hardware store downtown.  Phoenix stopped by and then went to the Tuesday market.  Took home Phoenix's stuff in a wheel barrow.  Watered as dusk turned to dark.
Wednesday 05
False start on the dentist as my appt was cancelled by accident cause a misread text message.  In the evening went for a BIG walk in the park all around and passed Luke's farm.
Thursday 06
Up early, early breakfast, was at the dentist by 9AM.  Went for a nice walk then got my teeth cleaned.  Afterwards I went over to TMobile and then stopped by Market of Choice.  In the evening I walked over to 3316 Hathaway where Maria and Greg live.
Friday 07
Hb left Sacramento around 8am and went up the coast because I5 was closed north of Redding due to a fire.  In the late afternoon I buried the remaining apples from the house on Bell near Thompson that I picked up weeks ago.  Hung out with Patrick and Mindy.  Hb spent the night in Brookings at the Spindrift hotel.  We stayed there in 2016 on our ride back from Angie and Laurie's party.  The next day Hb met Peggy.
Saturday 08
Farmer's market early, hung out and talked to Paul the corn guy then went over to TJ's to buy a watermellon.  Spoke to M & D on the phone.  Hb got home around 4PM and we went to Maria and Greg's party on 3316 Hathaway at 6PM.  I walked over there the other day to check on where their house was.  It was a nice party.  I met a guy with a Flickr shirt on who had worked at Flickr and now was a computer science professor at OSU.
Sunday 09
Long talk with Rand in the morning.  I called him for New Year's as Rosh Hashanah is tomorrow.  Sima is now making $20 per hour.  She is having fun in LA.  Then I went for a walk around the park and stopped by Phoenix's house to do some juicing.  Gloria was there as well.  Pedro picked us up at 4PM and we went to Michael's 4th Bday party.  JP, Juan Paul was there from Argentina.  He lives at the end of the bike path on WL landing.  We learned that from him this trip.  It was a gorgeous sunny warm dry evening in OR.
Monday 10
Hb and I went for a walk around the block.  Liz arrives at the shopping center of Grocery Depot at Budget Car.  Nice salmon dinner and then a walk into the park followed by a return through Renee's.  We spoke to Cedar and watched Mars rise.  It was a lovely early autumn evening with Liz.
Tuesday 11
Liz and I caught the 11:30AM bus downtown and then we walked west on campus out towards 53rd.  We got caught in numerous rain storms which made the journey interesting.  It was our first rain of the year, showers...  We caught some rain on our camping trip a few weeks back when we camped out and had to leave in the middle of the night when it was still very damp due to a chip munk trying to get into our tent from underneath the ground.  Walked back down town in the rain and then the bus home.  Went over to the Tuesday market with Liz.  We ate tamales and I introduced Liz to the community.  Afterwards, Ken helped me cut the amaranth that was sitting in the compost pile.  Liz and I were hanging out in the garage eating our kraut and rice for dinner and Hb was inside with her group.  Phoenix stopped by and we went for a walk with him over to the waterworks.  From there Johng stopped by and I was talking to him and then Jaffer came outside too.  It was a long night, but we had fun.
Wednesday 12
Hb and Liz went to Yoga in the morning and I cut down all of the wild plants in the front driveway bed and put in there the amaranth I got last evening with Ken at Cheryl's farm.  In the afternoon we went over to the Arboretum for a hike with Liz.  It rained in the beginning but got dryer as the hike progressed.  We dropped Liz off at the Yoga studio and then stopped by the COOP for gluten free pasta.  Liz bought pasta sauce at the Tuesday Market yesterday from Craig.
Thursday 13
Liz headed out in the morning before we woke up.  She came home and we walked over to Coho and I showed her around.  Afterwards Hb and Liz went to Albany to hear some music.  Learned today from Bob that he wrecked his truck by rear ending someone on Hwy 34 just past the interchange.  Luckily no one was hurt.  The bummer is that his truck is Brand New.
Friday 14
Liz and Hb go to yoga.  We spoke to Sharon on the phone and had a nice final lunch with Liz of Pasta sauce she bought from Craig at the Tuesday market and gluten free pasta from the COOP.  We took Liz to Renee's as she was flying to LA as well for her mom's bday.  Hb and I walked around the park.  Hb went to Anya's 78th Bday party.  Hb and I went to kirtan.  I walked up the hill in the park and then listened to the final 30 minutes.  They ripped out the carpet at the UU and put down a linoleum floor.  Oh no...
Saturday 15
Farmer's Market followed by Home Depot in Corvallis and Albany to pick up a new toilet.  Then an early dinner at our Thai place in Lebanon.  Autumn and the leaves are starting to show.
Sunday 16
Hb and I went for a walk in the park and then I hung out and watched some 12 year old play baseball.  I sat on the river for a bit and watched a few boats drain out their salt water.
Monday 17
Bina's till mid afternoon.  We harvested 8 varieties of beans.  Spoke to Dad in the evening about his long term care policy.
Tuesday 18
Hb had her Raja class and I went over to Kerstin's for bread around noon.  Phoenix came by and picked some grapes in the afternoon.  We then headed over to the Tuesday market and Mushroom gave us some nice plums and seedless concord grapes.  We then went to the OddFellows Meeting.  It was Mark Sherman's first meeting, as he went up to Hahn Farm Saturday with Phoenix.
Wednesday 19
Tim arrives at 9Am to put in our new toilet.  Afterwards I walked downtown through Avery Park to the library and did some research on Eastern OR.  In the evening we took Phoenix to the Unsung Hero event at Adair Village.  We sat with the Mayor Biff Traber and Brad.
Thursday 20
Hb and I went for a walk around the park.  The weather was perfect autumn.  Sunny, warm and blue sky.  We sat down by the river at the beach for about one hour.  We were happy.  At 4PM we took the bus to OSU to hear about the Buffalo Field Campaign at the Longhouse.  We had a nice chat with Cassandra Robertson.  The Native American music was lovely and the video was awe inspiring.  We caught the 7:25PM bus home and were home by dark.  In the afternoon, Bob came over and we signed as a witness for him a beneficiary form.
Friday 21
In the morning I went to the bank and grocery depot.  Ubnt goes above $100 for the first time ever.  I don't usually write about this stuff here but I thought for historical purposes it would be an interesting note when I read this at a future time.  Renee had a equinox gathering at 5PM.  It was an amazing potluck and the ceremony was very nice; these ceremonies move me in ways I never knew existed.
Saturday 22
Fall festival, hung out with Rich Reuter who gave us the inside scoop on Oddfellows.  Johng, Renee, Gloria, Diana, Gary House and Linda were all there.  Afterwards we had dinner at Sada with Peggy and Bob.  We missed the final bus home and walked back as the light faded.
Sunday 23
Hb went with Peggy to the Fall Festival.  I walked downtown and across the railroad bridge for the first time.  I ran into Mark on his bike and we walked to the festival and had some lunch together.  We sat with Leticia who is in the Army and getting her PhD in microbiology.  We had a nice lunch.  I also spoke with Anya later in the day, along with Tim, Luke, his sister.  It was a gorgeous day.  I took the bus home and spoke to Tinto the bus driver.  We had a long talk for the first time.
Monday 24
Packed all day for our trip to Eastern Oregon tomorrow.  At sunset we walked around the block and talked with Mindy and Patrick.  They started work today at Samaritan at their new jobs.
Tuesday 25
First stop on our trip was Forest Land products.  We sat there for one hour and listened to Raja.  Then on to Sundance to get our food and we drove out to Belknap.  They let us check in early and then we went for a hike along the river.  We loved it !  We communed with nature.  Came back and did our usual hot tub at dusk.  All of the people in the tub have a story.
Wednesday 26
Early breakfast at Belknap and then Hb did a hot tub.  We drove the back road 242 over the mountain to Sisters.  Along the way we hung out at the Lava Beds and took a half hour break as they fixed the road.  The lady road crew person who works for ODOT told me it costs $1100 per day to rent the big John Deere excavator.  We walked around Sister's and had lunch at Angelinas.  We drove over to Prineville and then walked around town.  We had some tacos for dinner.
Thursday 27
Breakfast at Deby Sues.  I had a cheese burger with gluten free bread and fries.  I had to put my back pack on the hook as they had slot machines.  Afterwards we headed out to Smith Rock.  Lovely gorgeous day of hiking along the river bottom and watching people climb on the rocks.  We had a nice dinner at Crooked River Brewery where we got build our own salad with a Hawaiian burger.  After dinner we drove south on Hwy 27 in the canyons south along the Crooked River.  We parked the car at dusk at the top of the rim and looked down into the river. 
Friday 28
Great day at the Fossil Bed National Monument.  Nice repeat breakfast in Prineville.  Really interesting lunch in Mitchell of a rice bown with curry sauce and chicken on a plate.  We finished up the remainder of our food.  I really am loving E. Oregon.  This place in incredible.
Saturday 29
Early morning walk in John Day, absolutely classic lovely !  We had a nice breakfast at a salad bar place.  Then over to the Kam Wa Chung museum.  Incredible place !  John Day has some really nice hoods.  Drive to Pendleton north on 395, incredible once again.  Stunning drive, over the top gorgeous.  Nice dinner in downtown Pendleton, its an old town from the late 1800's.  We walked around town after dark.  We are staying downtown.
Sunday 30
Got up and had breakfast at our motel.  Then hung out in our room in the morning.  Went for a drive around Pendleton and had a nice salad and reuben for lunch downtown.  The sun came out and I went for a walk and talked to Bob Egerman whose Mom had passed away between Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur.  Hb and I went back out for a walk on the river walk.  It was a gorgeous afternoon and we now know Pendleton downtown area pretty well.


October 2018


Monday 01
Up early, breakfast at the Saddle just out of town at the intersection of Hwy 11 which we took to Elgin.  After breakfast we went to the Pendleton Underground where we got almost a 2 hour tour of the brothel scene in the early 1900's.  It was a bunch of basements of buildings all connected with stuff down there to show what was up.  They get about 20K visitors per year times 15 bucks.  After that we had a nice lunch at Mo Pho, yummy Pad Thai and soup.  From there we drove up Hwy 11 and then over the mountains to Elgin.  We had an Airbnb disaster in Enterprise where the heaters in the place were broken.  So Hb decided to bail.  Luckily, prior to that we went through the town of Wallowa and stopped by the Mingo Motel and saw a room.  The guy who runs the motel's name is Chait and he was very nice.  So we drove into Joseph after Enterprise and looked around.
Tuesday 02
Breakfast in Joseph at a nice cafe.  Walked around town.  Rode up to the lake and parked at the State Park and walked around a bit.  Back into Enterprise and walked around and hit the library.  Then rode out of town and checked out the farm land near the mountains.  Then back into town for some nice Mexican food of steak fajitas.  Got back to our motel around 5PM.  Spent the evening mellowing out and went to bed early.
Wednesday 03
Met Francis Preston from Prairie City, Oregon at Bates State Park on Hwy 7 in Eastern Oregon.  We then proceeded into Prairie City and had dinner with Frank Primozic who was a city council person.  We stayed at the only hotel in town.  Earlier in the day we had breakfast at the Lone Pine in Baker City.  The drive down the valley through Elgin and into LaGrande was very peaceful and moving.  The day was gorgeos, and eastern oregon continues to inspire our souls.  Spoke to M & D in the evening on our phone wireless.
Thursday 04
Up early.  Left Prairie City around 8AM, it was 260 miles from there to our house.  We left at 8AM, got home at 4PM with a stop for lunch in Sister's at Angelina's and a hike in the park 10 miles east of Sweethome.  The drive was a good one.  The trip is over, we love eastern Oregon beyond our wildest dreams and words !  Long talk with both Patrick and Mindy individually upon our return.
Friday 05
Long talk with John Zeuli.  Hb goes to get the windshield fixed from a rock that hit our windshield on the way home from John Day.  I spoke to Kaveh Golabi in the morning.  I was getting emails that were forwarded from my Liquid Designers account.  We had a nice chat and spoke for about one hour.  Late in the day we did some yard work.  It rained today for the first time since we went on our trip.
Saturday 06
Back at the Farmer's market, then home to do more digging in the driveway bed.  Pulled out more wild carrots, or queen anne's lace.  No more of that growing wild in vegetable beds.  Spent about an hour at Boyd and Jan's telling them about our adventure.
Sunday 07
Hours Exchange at a new venue.  The First Methodist Church at 1165 Monroe.  Talked to Mahogany and Lee.  We were there for about 2 hours and had a nice time.  I came home and did some more work on the new garlic bed and cleaned up the east round bed readying it for a new dirt load.
Monday 08
Went to Albany to go to Walmart for long underwear and Target for a new big pyrex measuring cup.  Stopped by Tack Box to check out the dirt on the way up.  I also know now where the Grocery Depot is in Albany, and I know how to get back on Queen.  I am learning my way around Albany a bit more.  Got home and a few hours later got a load of horse manure, yes !, wow...  Started moving it immediately to the driveway bed for garlic.  Potluck for Dan and Amy's 68th birthday.  Dan and Hb were born the same year.
Tuesday 09
Hb stayed home and had the carpet stretcher guy come.  I went to the Tuesday market and enjoyed the autumn time of year.
Wednesday 10
Went to the majestic theatre in the evening to hear a native american woman read stories, play her drum and sing.  It was a magical evening.  Earlier in the day I worked more on my garlic bed dirt project.  It was a gorgeous sunny day !
Thursday 11
Massive cleaning day.  Pulled out all of my books in both rooms, dusted them off outside and took them back in.  In my bedroom I moved the dresser and vacuumed behind it.  In my office, I pulled out the bookshelf and vacuumed behind.  Clearly, it was a gorgeous sunny day outside, almost hot.
Friday 12
More dirt work.  Kirtan in the evening.  Johng and Renee were there.  We sang happy birthday to him after Kirtan was over sitting in the back of the room.  Kitzie and Doug in the band now both know my name.
Saturday 13
Farmer's Market, hung out with Ken, Bina...  More dirt work.  Patrick and Mindy stopped by and we hung out in the driveway.  Patrick got a bag of dirt.  Tim and Phoenix stopped by early evening for a chat.
Sunday 14
Completed M18 harvest and processing and tucked it away in jars.  We still have one plant left from Steve that we will harvest just prior to trip departure.  Very nice potluck at Katy's house.  The whole earth rising crew was there which was great.  We gave Linda and Ken a ride out to the farm.  We brought back 3 jars of cider.
Monday 15
Mellow day for the most part.  I went to bed at 8PM and slept for a long time.  At around 5PM I went for a short walk around the block and relished in the beauty of my home.  It was a gorgeous sunny day.
Tuesday 16
Short walk around the block mid-day gorgeous day in Paradise.  In the evening we went to hear EV Smith, Grand Master speak and have dinner with him at the lodge.  Hb was the chaplain and did all 3 prayers.
Wednesday 17
Took Hb to the airport at 9:30AM.  On the way home stopped by and picked up a load of winter squash.  Pedro came over in the afternoon and we hung out for a few hours.  Then I went for a walk in the park and ran into Mark.  We walked back to his house and we hung out for awhile and he gave me a butternut squash to take home.
Thursday 18
Another incredibly gorgeous day in Paradise.  Pedro brought over the ladder so I can do the leaves prior to departured.  I planted 120 cloves today of garlic.  Peter gave me some moral and mental assistance.  It was a great day.  Bob is taking his trailer out tomorrow on his maiden voyage with his new truck.  Its the first time out since Heidi died back in May.  I helped him make sure he did not hit the side of his fence.  At just before dusk I walked over to the trees at the water company and walked to the end.  It was a magnificent mid autumn evening and I was happy to be alive.  I saw Mushroom and Linda on the walk back.  I spoke to Hb briefly in NM.  She is staying at Judith's house, Diana is in town from Mexico.
Friday 19
Another incredibly beautiful day.  I will note that the day after I leave next week on Tuesday the weather is supposed to turn crappy.  In other words, the weather is staying GORGEOUS up until the day that I leave and then it turns cloudy and wet.  Amazing, how lucky I am this year with the weather. WOW.  Anyway, today I did all of the gutters.  Bob took his trailer out to Eugene to get a backup camera.  I helped him guide the trailer out of his driveway yesterday.  I got my ballot yesterday and voted today.  Yesterday, Pedro brought us back the ladder so that I could work all day doing the gutters.  I also did some canning, by using up all of the fruit that was remaining in the fridge by canning some peaches and pears.  Wow, I am starting to figure out how to do this.  This is quite a skill to have, and actually a nice alternative to freezing stuff.  The key is to fill up the jar that has a seal lid almost to the top when the material is very hot, and then the lid pops in and you know you have a good seal.  Very, very cool and will be used for the rest of my life.  I love this stuff...
Saturday 20
Farmer's Market long talk with Paul, the corn guy.  It was his last market, his grandson was there too...  Then I talked to Ken for awhile and then said goodbye to Bina who is leaving on her trip to Germany.  Back in January.  Then I stopped by Francesca's for a tamale.  Then stopped by Dale Donavan's studio as the first stop on the Philomath Studio Tour.  From there I headed over to Faye Cummins and hung out with her husband Fred Berman.  I was there for along while, possibly till 4PM.  Then I headed over to Bimart for some MSM and stopped by TJ's for my final food stop prior to going back home to Pittsburgh.
Sunday 21
Packed all morning.  In the afternoon I cut down all of the sun chokes in the front yard.  Then I went for a walk around the block.  Mike Jordan stopped by and he and I chatted about him finding a person to live in his house the whole time they are gone.  There is a short term property manager here in Corvallis that deals with that stuff...
Monday 22
Big fog morning in the valley, so I did not leave until past 10:30AM.  Drive up was mellow, and I stopped at our normal rest area.  Then on to Season's in Happy Valley.  Don't need to go out
of the way again to go there, our usual spot rocks.  Checked in, then went to Season's for some food.  Then came back to the hotel and went for a nice walk around the block.  It was a beautiful day and I am doing fine.
Tuesday 23
Up at 2:30AM and got a good night sleep.  Being at the end of the hall was surprisingly quiet and I did not hear the door bang at all after going to bed around 9AM.  So I got a good almost 6 hours.  The first minor snafu was the engine leaking fluid.  Luckily in Chicago my plane was delayed about an hour.  Wish I would have known that sooner.  But my mantra of "the universe is going to take care of you" worked really well; keep working on it across the board for other issues you are dealing with in your life.  Took the bus home from the airport without an hassles.
Wednesday 24
First full day at home.  Woke up early in the morning and pulled out the baseball cards, pictures.  I am getting to work on dealing with the remainder of my stuff left at my parents house.  In the early afternoon we went to hear a jazz concert on the history of jazz at CMU for M & D's Osher class
Thursday 25
Iris and I took a walk over to Phipps Conservatory.  It was a lovely day in Pittsburgh, slightly chilly.
Friday 26
Robert, Dad and I go to the Golf Club for lunch.  Afterwards we hit the book store to give away most of our remaining books that were in the house.  In the evening Robert, Andy, Debbie, Kerry and Joe Fleckenstein go the Aviary for a PennFutures event in honor of outgoing president Larry Schweiger.
Saturday 27
Eleven people are dead in a shooting at Tree of Life, a Squirrel Hill Synagogue.  It was the deadliest attack in US History on Jews, and M & D live a 15 minute walk from the place and I was home for it.  I went for a walk early afternoon over toward Shadyside.  I went with M & D over to their new house and we had a nice buffet dinner.  It was my first time there.
Sunday 28
Spoke to Leah Angerman and her daughter Tova on FaceTime.  Tova is 3 years old and her birthday is August 12, 2015.  I went for a walk over to CMU.  It started to rain so I walked under the trees for awhile and then in the garage.  Spoke to Hb early in the day along with Aunt Harriet.  I also had a long talk with Harriet yesterday as well.  People were calling us in regard to the shooting yesterday at the Temple.
Monday 29
Dad and I drop mother off at Dr. Harris and then we go down to his lawyers office to sign some papers for the property being taken over by the Turnpike commission.  I get a call from the doctor's office while Dad is up in the office that we have to take mother to the emergency room.  Then I talk to Larry at the doctor's office while Dad is inside talking to Harris and basically yell and scream at him that mother does not have to go to the ER tonight, that it is NOT an emergency.  I get in the car and go with Mom and Dad and in the middle of Forbes mother makes a comment and I get out of the car in the middle of the street and almost get hit by a bus.  Oh good... :)  I walk home.  Iris explains to me later that the system is so broken that the only way for mother to get properly evaluated immediately is to go to the ER.  Turns out Harris wanted mother to go to a cardiologist awhile back but she never did it.  Side story...  Mother had a serious case of exima and so a day or two after I got home she was taking Prednisone which might have caused the swelling in her legs and might have exacerbated shortness of breath. Stay tuned, the day is not over yet...
Tuesday 30
I take Dad out to St. Clair Hospital.  On the way home there is a detour on W. Liberty Ave and I have to go all around and we end up to the entrance to the tunnel.  As I approach home there are thousands of people at Rodef for a funeral re: the 11 people who were killed 2 days ago.  So I make a right turn on 5th from Morewood and park the car in the garage.  Then I walk over to Whole Foods.  On the way home, I stop by an art gallery who the artist and owner of the gallery is Ellen Chisdes Neuberg who owns a gallery called Gallerie Chiz.  Actually she shut the gallary down a few years back and she now uses it as her own studio and she has another artist in the way back.  Turns out I spoke to her for hours, she is 79 and has had a very interesting life.  I got home about 2PM and headed right back out to go to TJ's.  By now, the Rodef funeral was over and I was able to easily head out and come back.  The key point was the parking at TJ's.  I parked across the street from TJ's on the corner of Penn Ave. and where Shady dead ends into Penn.  Then I walked across the street using the island in the middle of Penn as my safe haven. 
Wednesday 31
Parked on Hobart.  Then walked down to Murray Ave and continued on along Hobart all the way into the park.  That was my first time in the park at that location.  I came back and had a gigantic greek salad with 5 HUGE falafels.  It was a Kings meal and I ate every last lick of it.  Afterwards I stopped by Amazing Books and records and Eric was there and I got my Essential Rumi along with Mansfield Park by Jane Austen.  Eric shipped me the books as I already have too many books to take home including Clemente in Spanish and 100 days of Solitude.  In the evening I helped my Dad balance his check book.  Spoke to my Mom in the hospital and she sounds really good.  Hopefully she will come home tomorrow.


November 2018


Thursday 01
Walked down Morewood to Millvale and crossed the bridge which goes over the railroad tracks and busway.  Its kind of a hollow but no water.  Then you turn left on Liberty Avenue which turns into Main and you go down the hill.  Then I made a right turn on Butlet and followed that all the way down to the Allegheny Cemetery.  Then I went into a pub for a break, and headed back out and was home.  On the way home, I stopped at an Italian store and bought some dried figs.  The weather was lovely and cloudy and I wore shorts and 2 T-shirts and my blue long underwear top in the beginning of the walk but once I warmed up I no longer needed it.  Mother got home just after 5PM.  Happy to have her back home.  She was in the hospital for 3 nights, Mon, Tue, Wed, home on Thursday.
Friday 02
First full day that Mom is back home.  Iris came over in the afternoon for awhile.  Then I walked up the steps from the apartment just up Fifth.  At the top of the hill I walked around a bit, and then headed down the hill to Wilkins.  Then I walked up Wilkins and made a quick left on Dunmoyle.  As I walked down to the end of that street I ran into Wightman and made a right turn and took that all the way to Forbes, and then came back the same way.  Upon arrival at home I took a shower and then went over to Iris's lobby and hung out with David for about one hour.  We had a nice chat.  The last time I saw him was 2 years ago in the autumn of 2016.
Saturday 03
Dad and I took mother to the beauty shop, and then came home and went back to pick her up.  In the early afternoon we went over to the library to meet with Christopher M. Zappa from Health Benefit Services (HBS) whom Norman Edelstein recommended to Dad.  I added him in to my contacts as he was very knowledgeable about his field and has been in it for 13 years.  In the evening we went to dinner at M & D's new future house called Provident Point.  The food is very nice and we had a good time.  I drove home and we stopped along the way and got 15 in gas.  The night was chilly and dry.
Sunday 04
Very nice walk over to Chatham College.  Dunmoyle to Kipling to Fair Oaks to Murray Hill to Woodland Road to Chatham College to an interaction with a cop as I came out of Chatham at the Tree of Life.  The road was still blocked off and I think he was surprised to see me.  It was a lovely fall autumn day in Pittsburgh and a poignant end to a trip that was not perfect but filled with some anticipation and angst.  In the end, it was a good journey to see my parents who are now 86 and 84.  I helped Dad some today on his new chrome book; and discovered that if you just close the lid just like on the Macbook you don't need to log in each time.
Monday 05
Dad took me to the bus and I got on at 8:30am, was at the airport by 9:30.  Learned quickly that it was going to be a long day as an airport lost power and so my plane from STL to PDX was delayed 3 hours.  Hb picked me up at the Red Lion and we were home by 9:30PM.  It all went smoothly.  I sat next to a very interesting guy on the plane who had gone to the Naval academy, was in the Navy for 8 years and then started working for Shell on off shore oil rigs.  He now has a great job being a problem solver.  We had a good heart to heart talk on the plane and it was one of those really nice talks.  He was born in 1983 and his parents were born in 1961.  Had a nice lunch in St. Louis at the end of the terminal.  I brought a nice lux salmon sandwich on my gluten free bun along with some rice and brussel sprouts, salami et al.  I ate more food on the plane about an hour before we landed in PDX and then Hb gave me some nice french fries she had gotten at dinner with Licia for fish and chips.
Tuesday 06
First day back was gorgeous outside. Hb had her group over and I listened to the first part then took a nap for about 2 hours.  Afterwards we ate lunch and then I went outside and started tilling the fig tree bed to plant some more garlic.  First round of garlic is up and running and looking really nice.  Hb got in there and started doing some weeding to trim back all of the clover etc. that came up as well.
Wednesday 07
Another beautiful day.  I got the garlic in the ground after a final bit of compost was thrown in the bed.  Yesterday I added the bulk of the material and today I finished it off and planted around 60 garlic cloves.  The other bed has about 120 cloves so in total we have about 180 cloves in the ground.  In the evening we went to the Majestic Theatre for the 2nd talk in the annual Native American Talk Series.  Unfortunately, it was not very good and we embarassedly had to leave early.
Thursday 08
Yesterday I messed up and raked the fir tree needles on to my leaf compost dirt pile adjacent to the open space.  Today I went back in and got rid of the needles.  Never again will I rake needles that way.  I want to rake the needles towards the fence and then do a clean up.  Oh well, because it was not wet, or had not rained since yesterday I was easily able to scrape the needles back off the leaf and dirt and put it in the yard waste dumpster.  After finishing that off, it didn't take long I did a massive leaf collection for the rest of the afternoon.  Got a bunch of leaves on Marion at the end of the street and then 2 piles across Ryan on Marion.  Then came back and got some leaves on our street from the folks next to Jason whose name escapes me.  Now I remember Jerry and Hester's house.  From there I got some leaves from Doug and Jamie.  So my leaves are now in good shape.  This year I spread them out with a rake and they look real nice. 
Friday 09
You will not see a mention of ubnt very often in my blog post, but today for the first time ever it closed above $100.00.  It was headed in that direction as on Sep 21 it briefly traded above 100 but closed at 98.58.  Well today, it closed at 111.13.  Two prime numbers for a prime company.  In celebration I took Hb out to breakfast to the Dizzy Hen.  Joseph the spiritual farmer who lives down near Steve Rose and I met at the Farmer's market last summer is the dishwasher there.  I also met owner John JC Mersmann for the first time and told him about corn tortillas.  He has a limited menu, but I was happy to put in my 2 cents.  Afterwards we did the food shopping circuit stopping by the Grocery Depot and TJ's.  On the way we stopped off at Green Gable and got our winter squash for 30 cents a pound.  Jaffer came over and we did the Raja downloads.  Today was cold and partly cloudy with patches of sun as well.  In the evening we went to the Vista and Vineyards Art show at OSU.  We met Dee Yarnell who won Best of Show.  We also sat and shared some food with Lottie, David and Anya was there too.  We met Jon Luc's wife Valerie who was an artist in the show.
Saturday 10
Farmer's market followed by lunch at Dave and Lottie's.  It was our first time to their house.  They live across the street from Janet, Michele's yoga instructor.  We were at their house from 12:30 to 4:30PM.  We had a very nice day spending time with them.  On the way home we stopped off at the COOP to buy some millet, curry powder, and some salad stuff.  It was a gorgeous sunny day.  The leaves were falling, and autumn is in full bloom.  It is really our first time hanging out in Corvallis the whole month of November since we have been spending time in Ashland mostly the last number of years.
Sunday 11
Nice early afternoon at the Tuesday market stand for a bird day event.  I had nice chats with Janelle and Stony.  Mindy and Patrick were there and I took Patrick down to the lower land to hang out a bit with Lion and we talked to Johng too.  Afterwards we walked through the park and over to the river.  It was a perfect autumn day, the leaves were every where and Hb and I were happy holding hands.  In the evening Pedro and Anya came over for a nice salmon dinner, with dal, brussel sprouts, quinoa, and our first batch of winter squash which we also took to Dave and Lottie's house on Saturday.
Monday 12
Round 1 of picking up Jay and Sarah's leaves.  Then I raked our back yard as well, and got all of the leaves.  I tidied up the herb garden including removing the big herb plant that we harvested upon returning from Eastern Oregon.  There were still some little buds on there that I got off, and then dug it out, and added a bunch of leaves and manure to the hole.  Should be ready for spring planting.  Renee came over in the evening to hang out with Hb.
Tuesday 13
In the afternoon Hb and I went over to Naj and Phoenix's house for some tea.  Phoenix walked home with us and I walked back to his house and then back home.  In the morning, Renee, Kathy, and Jaffer were over for the Raja class.
Wednesday 14
Lunch with Suzanne and Pedro at New Morning Bakery.  Afterwards I collected leaves in the yard waste bin.  I had a nice talk with Leonard who has the apple trees.  I got his leaves.  He brought out a rake at dusk so I could get the last amount.
Thursday 15
More leaves, a gorgeous day and I love OR.  Hb went out with Anya to the Whiteside Theatre to see a play or a movie.
Friday 16
Big news of the day was the fact my garbage man, who was very nice, came by and he lifted the toilet into the recycle dumpster and he then used that to dump it into the truck.  Very cool.  In the morning I did my Thanksgiving shopping by going to TJ's, the Vitamin Cottage and Grocery Depot.  The Grocery Depot is on my circuit on my shopping network and I like doing that.  In the afternoon we went over to OSU to the new Multicultural Center for Literacy for their Thanksgiving potluck.  They moved into the new house on Jackson and their old house closer to town and the library called the Sunflower house was torn down.  We had fun and ate too much food.
Saturday 17
Kicked off the day at the Farmer's Market.  Hung out with Johng, Ken, Larry who sells apples, we were standing with his Studebaker, Amy and Dan, Kathleen.  It was a glorious day.  Hb had two tameles de Francesca and then we went out to the Arboretum.  We did the entire 36 loop trail, the day was sublime, sunny, warm all sublime words.  Got home and Phoenix met us at the door, then Jan came in Hb's room and we chatted then I walked down the street and pedro came over and I gave him his gift of celery I got today from Nancy.  In the evening Hb went out with Anya to Imagine Coffee.
Sunday 18
Check out the new housing development on Harrison and Circle Drive.  Wow, they did a great job with the housing development tucked back into the side of the hill and the front wetlands left untouched.  Then on to Oak Creek parking spot and walked behind the Audubon Center onto the housing development and around the hood up there.  Then Sundays @ 3pm concert on Harrison and 35th Street to see a piano soloist.  Gluten free cookies afterward that were yummy with grapes and 2 oranges.  It was a warm, sunny day but by the time I got home and did a little work outside it was cold.
Monday 19
Finished cleaning up pine cones and needles and putting them in the yard waste bin.  Then move on to round 2 of the gutters, and completed it rather quickly.  Its been real dry so the clean out was easy.  It supposed to start raining in a few days so getting it done prior when its warm and dry is way easier than cold and wet.  Kerstin and Mike's house got some new folks and they moved in a trailer.  They are in Costa Rico until June 1.  The pink house on Ryan that was trashy had both of its trees cut down in front of the house.  Definitely makes it more appealing.
Tuesday 20
Got up early, around 5am.  Left the house at 7:30AM and was at KP Lancaster around 8:30AM.  It takes about an hour to get there, and it was foggy.  Saw the eye doctor and my primary care physician and was home by around 1PM.  Going to the doctors is not the highlight of my life so there is not much to say except that the whole experience was uneventful.  Came home and put in the drain spout covers I bought at Lowes.  Two needed replaced. Then got some leaves from Jay and down the street.  I met our new neighbors Lynn and Shirley who live next to Jay and Sarah.  They are the parents of the son who used to live in that house and now lives in Portland.
Wednesday 21
Spoke to M & D in the morning, and had a very long talk with Scott about parents, and his projects in concert with using DO and Docker.  We went over to Naj and Phoenix's house at 1PM and we set up our table.  I helped Naj and Phoenix get back on the internet and helped Phoenix set up his new laptop.  We went to Nearly Normals for lunch.  I had the falafel and black bean plate.  Came home and Hb and I went for a walk around the block.
Thursday 22
One of the best Thanksgivings ever for me.  Arrived at Phoenix's house at 1PM and he served me up the magical potion; less than a teaspoon.  I was the first and only person to be blessed with the liquer.  The rest of the day was beautiful.  Wil, Kathy, Renee, Johng, Diana, Gloria, Lexi, Ildi, Anya, Pedro, Phoenix, Naj, Brenda, Hb, and me.  There were 15 people at Thanksgiving.  Pedro, Wil and I sat at the end of the table with Naj and Hb.  Wil and Pedro had a nice little comedic routine going all day.  It was fun and funny, I laughed a lot and so did Hb.  At the end of the evening Dan and Amy came by and Johng sang my birthday song.  I was in heaven.  He then proceeded to jam with Amy for about another 45 minutes.  Hb and I got home and went for a short walk.  The moon was full and bright and all was peaceful in the southtown hood.
Friday 23
Got up early and went to Bed Bath and Beyond to get another blanket like the one I have on my bed in the winter for Hb and I bought a pair of sheets for my bed.  I needed a new pair, and had been using the sheets from Placitas.  Came home and stopped by Naj's house to pick up our table we lent her.  Then I came home and did leaves till dark.  Wil and I had a long talk on the street when the sun was out briefly.  It rained the rest of the afternoon and I got lots more leaves.  I think I am pretty good :)...
Saturday 24
Hb and I went downtown for lunch to Bellhop.  Then we walked over to OSU.  It was a nice day after rain the past 2 days.
Sunday 25
Ken came over for breakfast around 9am and left around 11PM.  Hb went to the movie and I helped our neighbor Sally move leaves from the street to her back yard.  It was my first time ever spending time or hanging out with her.  She is from Maryland, came to Oregon to go to OSU and stayed, got married and then divorced 13 years later.
Monday 26
In the afternoon I got more leaves from Jason and then Hb and I went for a short walk around the block.  Along the way we saw Karen Mayo and spoke to her for a bit.  It started to rain at the corner of Crystal Lake and Park so after talking to Karen we turned around and walked home.  We also saw Will and Kathy before Karen.  Hb went downtown with Kathy and Renee and had a pizza at Dimaggios.
Tuesday 27
In the mid afternoon Hb and I drive over to the dock at the park and walked through the woods to the other side, sat on the bench at the river and then walked back.  Hb had her Raja group come over in the evening.  Our walk was lovely, and the day was warm and mostly sunny, unlike the forecast predicted.
Wednesday 28
Dinner at del Alma followed by a talk at Lasells on the Beatles followed by listening to a practice of the OSU mens and women's choir.  The music moved me in ways that I did feel was possible.  I appreciated more about living here and having an incredible resource like OSU and this instantiation of having music by young people that was incredible.  The operatic solos were marvelous.  The dinner at Del Alma was OK,  Hb likes that place a lot more than I do; but I went along for the ride.
Thursday 29
Hb went to the coast to help Peggy clean her house.  I went first to Les Schwab to get a new battery.  Then I came home and had breakfast and at 11AM went to get my oil changed downtown.  I went for a walk and spoke to some Century Link folks who told me all about how fiber optic cables are not coming to southtown.  I came home and had a snack for lunch and then went out and did some leaves.  I then went for a walk across Jen's field down to Renee's and around Luke's farm back through the park where I ran into Bob who was going for a walk as well.  We had a nice chat.
Friday 30
Nice talk with John Zeuli in the morning.  It rained in the afternoon, but at 4:30PM the skies cleared and Hb and I went for the WL Loop walk.  We had not done that walk over at WL for quite a while.  It slightly rained a bit on our way home.


December 2018


Saturday 01
We went to the Christmas festival in Albany, it was our first time there.  The day started out kind of dry, but got cold and cloudy as we were driving to Lebanon for Thai Food.  Afterwards we drove up into the hills south east of Lebanon.  We had never been up there before.  Kind of a neat spot.  Our drive home was as always, majestic and sublime :)...  Earlier in the day I got a new razor at Target and we stopped by the Grocery Depot for $1 bags of red potatoes.
Sunday 02
Ken came by at around 9AM just as Hb was getting ready to leave to go up to Belknap.  We went for a walk around the park.  It was a lovely morning.  Southtown art walk.  I started out at Tal and Miriam's where I met Norm.  Then over to Jackie's house where I spoke to Emily from the Thyme garden.  Then over to Coho where I spoke to Sandie about making your own curry paste.  Then finally ended up at Sara Kellogg's house.
Monday 03
Another gorgeous sunny day.  I worked outside and cleared out a vast majority of the poison oak on the other side of the fence.  Since it has been freezing here, everything is dead.  So I got on the other side and cleared out a bunch of the stuff that Ken had thrown over the fence years ago.  I have been wanting to do that for several years.  Phoenix came by and we hung out for a bit and then I walked him home and came back and finished up a few things just as it got dark and cold.
Tuesday 04
Hb back from Belknap.  She had a good journey with Renee and Diana and spent 2 nights in room 19.  I worked outside in the afternoon finishing up trimming back the poison oak as well as cutting down the black berries.  For the first time since Ken threw all of the debris into the wetlands 3 or 4 years ago, we are getting that area slightly more back to its original state.
Wednesday 05
A gorgeous sunny winter day in the Willamette Valley.  We took the opportunity to go down to Findley NWR after lunch.  We saw (literally) thousands of birds.  We sat on the bench over looking the pond and basked in the sun for arout 45 minutes, lovely, sublime.
Thursday 06
Hb went to Eugene for a massage and I went food shopping in the early afternoon to VC [Vitamin Cottage] and GD [Grocery Depot].  After shopping at VC I walked up Beca to Kings and back.  When I got home I had some lunch and then went back outside till dusk.  Hb had her group over here.  I helped Jaffer get his data on his thumb drive for the class.  You will not see me mention this very often but Fgp rallied off yesterday's low post earnings announcement.  The low was $.75 (75 cents) and it went back up to around a buck 30 $1.30.  We live in an interesting world.
Friday 07
Potluck at Diana's house.  It was excellent. Met John and Summer who moved into the new house on Crystal Lake.  John went to graduate school at UNM in Archaeology and is going to Ecuador.  Also met Jeff who is with Elizabeth who is Gloria's house mate.  Jeff is from Albany and told me about Unbroken, he is also a web developer.  I also met Ben and his wasband Susan.  They were apart for 11 years and then she became his housemate recently.  The potluck had great energy and was truly a moving experience.  I am appreciating my life experiences more and more as time goes on.
Saturday 08
Hb and I went to have lunch at the Dizzy Hen and then on to the hours exchange at the fairgrounds.  We hung out with Will and went over to the crafts fair, and I hung out at Lee Miller's booth for awhile and spoke to him.  We bought some jelly from Mike Beilstein.
Sunday 09
It rained all afternoon and at dusk I walked over to the water company.  Hb went out to Angelica's for Astrology and then to Gloria's for Tom Kenyon.
Monday 10
Start the day off with my annual stool culture ritual.  I don't usually note this here but for some reason it seemed appropriate.  Went downtown to the post office and went for a walk down under the bridge.  Turned around and headed home.  It was a foggy morning but its going to be potentially be a nice day once the fog burns off.  Hb and I did a huge walk down Wake Robin and out into the field and then west towards the Mary's River.  It was our first time ever walking over there together, and my first time walking west on the dirt road.  We discovered they had planeted hazel nut trees out at the end.  Very cool, the land will hopefully be preserved.  It was a gorgeous sunny, slightly chilly afternoon.
Tuesday 11
Hb had her Raja class, one more next week and then that is it.  We cleaned the house today.  I vacuumed both of my bedrooms.  They had not been done in awhile.  I never went outside today.  Unusual, but the weather was rainy, windy and never good.  There are few winter days when we never leave the house, but today was one of them.
Wednesday 12
Nice thai food lunch at the Woodsmen.  Hb had yoga in the morning.  I got my Pad thai dish and Hb got a spring roll.  We got a side of brown rice.  We saw Bond Starker at the restaurant.  We then drove out to the Harris Bridge, parked at the winery, and went for a walk further up the road.  We had never walked this way before.
Thursday 13
More work on flickr photos as they were purchased by smug mug so lots of moving around of pics.  In the evening we went over to Lasells for a Christmas Christian concert of 4 folks, two of whom were from Germany.  It was a flute player on the left, the key boardist on the right and the girl and the boy in the back, wife and husband team.  It was a free concert but they were pushing donations for their cause which is friends of the family.
Friday 14
Hb and I walked over to the COOP.  We saw Mark Sherman and Steve, Cheryl's housemate walk in.  On the way home we talked to Mark for along time in front of the Bethel bus stop.  He was on his go cart bike and he was in rare form.  Just totally in himself and alive.  We like Mark.  I enjoyed the time we spent this summer at the fall festival together.  He will have lived in the hood for 50 years next year.  He moved into his house when he was around 21 years old.  His father owned the house and thought he wanted to be a slum lord, but never lived there; and Mark ended up with the house.  He told us the whole story about paying his dad twice for it, his sister's involvement etc...  In the afternoon after that Peter came over and hung out with us for awhile.  It was the 3 of us, and we had a nice visit together.  I am busy sorting through my Flickr photos as they are transitioning away from Yahoo and I need to do a reorg.
Saturday 15
Hb and I went to Office Depot to look at a chair, and then we went out to lunch at Pastinis in the same shopping center as TJ's.  We then went on to the 1st guitar winter concert at the library.  It was a cloudy, dark day, but no rain.
Sunday 16
Hb and I went over to the church on Harrison and 35th for a 3PM Christmas carol and lesson service concert.  We had cookies afterwards and then went for a walk to the end of the dead end street.  Hb came home and then went over to Gloria's for Tom Kenyon.
Monday 17
Walk in the early afternoon just before it rained.  I walked around the park on the inner path.  Along the way I saw Mark and Joey.  As I hit Crystal Lake I ran into Patrick and Mindy.  We walked home and then had a nice long talk with Bob in front of our house all together.  He is going to Iowa and then on to Florida with his sister.  Jan came by with some Christmas cookies and I spoke to her for awhile.  Hb went to Maria's for a reading this afternoon.
Tuesday 18
Hb had her last Raja group this morning.  In the afternoon we went for a walk around the block with Jan.
Wednesday 19
Hb and I went to the VC, then for a walk to the end of Beca then over to TJ's for brussel sprouts.  We changed our trip to Ashland because of crappy weather, and are now going the day after Christmas.  In the afternoon I went for a walk around the block and Hb went to the dentist to make sure one of her teeth was ok.  She got an xray and everything is fine.  I spoke to Dad in the evening, sent Stewart Cohn a birthday email, and am setting up a call to speak with Jim Sigman soon.
Thursday 20
Jim and I launched the day off with a nice talk.  We talked about his company Zoom and how incredible of an opportunity it is.  He mentioned how you can "learn" from both your failures as well as your accomplishments, however those are defined.  I worked outside in the afternoon garnishing the west bed next to Jay's house.  Steve and I had a nice talk as I returned his containers.  He brought us over some curry prior to his week long journey back to DC and Nashville to hang out with his daughters.  In the evening Hb had her Tom Kenyon group at the house.
Friday 21
Hb and I went downtown about 1:30PM and walked around the university for about an hour.  We stopped by the MU and sat on the couches then drove downtown and went to the Greenbelt Land Trust party.  I had a nice talk with Owen Dell and Hb and I spoke to Lee towards the end of the party who is writing a book about the south.  We then went by the solstice party down at the shelter in the park.  We walked back to Cheryl's with Ildi and Susan Towers and they had a big bondfire.  We then walked over to Scott and Kathleen's.  Roen Hogg and Greg and Maria were leaving the party so Hb and I hung out for awhile and talked to Scott.  We got home and went to sleep around 11PM.
Saturday 22
Breakfast at the Dizzy Hen followed by a nice walk for the first time on Botkin Road which is the road just before you head up over Mary's Peak.  We then went by the COOP and bought some eggs.  We had a nice talk with Dan and Amy.
Sunday 23
I went for a walk over near Pedro's mom's house.  I walked up to the top of the hill, then down into the cemetery, then back out and up to the top of the hill.  It started to rain on the way back down, but by then I was happy and on my way back to the car.  Earlier I dropped off the yellow card for the PO.
Monday 24
Phoenix came by in the morning and we went for a walk around the block.  Then Hb and I went for a walk later in the afternoon and stopped by Jane's house and gave her Hb's medicine bag to fix.  On my way home from Phoenix's house I stopped by Mark's house and met his nephew and I went in for a short while and visited with him and Joey.  Cooper, Izzy, Patrick and Mindy came by and we hung outside a bit and we gave them cookies that Sarah and Anna had brought by earlier in the day.  The gingerbread cookies were yummy with icing on them.  We had a very nice Christmas Eve day.
Tuesday 25
I cut back some black berries in the morning prior to going to Paul and Janet Hochfeld's for a lovely Christmas dinner.  I sat next to Ruby Moon and Paul; and Lottie and David sat across from us.  We had a very nice time together.
Wednesday 26
Got up at 6:30AM, and were on the road by 8:30AM.  It drizzled most of the way so we used the windshield wipers but it wasn't too bad.  I got tired around the Medford area but by then we were ready for lunch at our favorite Mexican restaurant in Phoenix.  We did our 2 standard rest stops and then gas in Canyon City at the Arco station.  So the journey down was just fine despite the rain.  We checked into the Ashland Springs Hotel, the woman who checked us in, Maggie, got us an extra night so we are here for 4 nights which should be very suitable.  We walked over to the skate park in the evening and to the end of the paved park road and back around on the trail.  We love Ashland, and we are so lucky in our lives to have this place as our second home in OR.
Thursday 27
Great breakfast at the hotel of bacon in the eggs, tasty potatoes, and brussel sprouts to top off the morning.  We headed up the hill to the PCT but were turned back by a state trooper who was dealing with an accident.  We could have gone on, but the roads were slick, it was snowing and Hb made the final call.  We ended up hiking in our favorite spot at the bottom of the hill in the Siskyou National Monument just off Buckhorn Road.  It was lovely.  On the way home we stopped off at the Kart grocery store where I bought gluten free oats for a $1.26 a pound and some soup for a snack.  It was a bacon and yellow squash, yummy.  Then on to Sauce down the road on the same side of the street just before Market of Choice.  We had a curry bowl and a large cabbage salad.  We headed home and then walked around town for a bit just before calling it an evening we stopped by the COOP for a night cap :)...
Friday 28
A day in Jacksonville.  We walked out towards the winery on the rails to trails to the end of the road.  We had dinner at the asian noodle shop and then walked over to the coop for a cookie and chips.  In the afternoon the sun shined bright.  It was cold but sunny and the sun set was illustrious.
Saturday 29
Hb and I walked 9.3 miles today.  After breakfast we walked all the way down B Street till it dead ends into Mountain.  Then we made a left turn and headed into the North Mountain Park.  It was our first time ever walking into the park.  It was a gorgeous sunny day.  We sat in the park on a bench with a gurgling creek behind us.  A man from Redding, Pa. stopped by to say hi.  He was here from Oakland, Ca.  His daughter was getting therapy here.  He was in the Vietnam war and was sad but happy to have someone to talk to.  He was an older man; who did not know about OR.  He didn't know where Corvallis was.  Afterwards we walked to the COOP and I had a gluten free apple cinamon muffin and Hb had a cookie.  I got some ripe bananas as well.  We went back to the hotel, got organized as they cleaned our room for the first time since we arrived at the Ashland Springs hotel in Ashland.  The day was in full bloom so we drove over to the Lithia Park at the end.  We walked up the hill and past Ashland Loop all the way to Terrace and looped all the way back.  Along the way, we sat down on a swing and at that moment Johng called.  He was having a rough time with Reenie and wanted someone to talk to.  Hb and I both spoke to him.  We proceeded back down the hill back into the park and drove home.  We had our best dinner of the trip at Masala on A Street just past the COOP.  It was a yummy meal and we really enjoyed the food.  Afterwards we walked back downtown and made sure we topped over our 9 miles.  A good day was had by all, the weather was chilly, sunny, and a perfect winter day just before the new Year.
Sunday 30
Saw the Green Book, a movie about being black in the south in the early 60's.  A white driver drives around a black man who is a pianist.  A marvelous movie about life in the days soon after I was born.  Earlier in the day we hung out in our hotel, and then went out for a walk around town in the afternoon and had dinner at the COOP before the movie.  The weather cooperated and never rained on us all day.  We love Ashland.
Monday 31
Up at the usual time.  Had our final amazing breakfast, read the paper, and packed up and was gone by 11AM.  We drove back over the way we went the other day.  Only this time we made it to the top and then on to K. Falls.  The drive was as good as it gets.  There was snow all the way to the bridge over the Klamath river.  It wasn't too bad, too icy, and too scary.  We just hung on to the wheel and kept going.  There was never a car behind us the whole time from Ashland to the K Falls Bridge.  We stopped there for awhile and took in the sun.  It was lovely !  We loved hanging out at our spot there.  We took some pictures of the river, Hb knocked some ice off the tires, and we walked a round a bit.  Then on in to town, a nice lunch at a Thai restaurant that was across the street from the place we ate last time we were here.  The funky old building with the yummy organic food.  This Thai place was originally in the Bay Area and they moved it up here about 20 years ago.  They know how to do Thai food.  We checked into our hotel after lunch, and then went for a walk downtown.  It was dusk turning to night on New Years Eve.  It is supposed to be 11 degrees tonight !  Yowza.  Now that is cold.  But we tucked in a pretty nice room and our New Years was a good one.  Best of luck in 2019, Love, Michael