January 2019


Tuesday 01
Great day.  I got up before 7AM and was out the door.  Did a big walk all around downtown area of Klamath Falls.  Walked all the way to the other side of town, then back past the cemetery.  It was around 15 degrees in the morning, but because it is so dry I did not feel even as cold as I do sometimes at home when it is damp and feels even colder.  We had a nice breakfast at the only place open downtown.  They had Gluten Free pancakes.  We drove north on 97 and then took a left at Hwy 58 and stopped at Crescent Lake.  Its a gorgeous lake, we parked down the road and walked into the resort which was closed for winter.  It would be nice to go back here in the summer.  There was tons of snow there so we had fun playing in the snow and taking pictures. We had lunch at Manley's Tavern.  It was yummy, we had their broasted chicken which rocked.  The waitress scolded me for bringing in our huevos rancheros we had left over from breakfast.  We then drove home.  Its about a 6 hour drive from Klamath Falls to our house.  About 2 extra hours more than Ashland.  We cut across the lake past Oakridge like I usually do and went through the town of Jasper which bangs into Hwy 126 and we get on the freeway there.  Hb went to a fire at Renee's when we got home for New Years Day.
Wednesday 02
Completed the annual diary dance, got everything uploaded and tucked in.  Also, completely uploaded all of the message photos from the iphone.  The job is done.  There are no more pictures on the iphone under messages, and now I know how to upload them to flickr. Also, figured out how to blow away videos and upload them to our email account.  All good, todo bien !  Hb and I went shopping in the afternoon.  We did the complete grocery circuit and got some stuff for Sharon coming into town on Friday.  We bought stuff for a turkey we are going to cook on Friday morning.  Came home and did some winter squash cooking and made some dinner.  Then went for a walk around the block after dark.  Earlier in the day I had a nice talk with Jan.  They flew down to Phoenix over the holidays, and thank g-d Boyd did NOT get sick on the plane.  Good news.
Thursday 03
Long talk with Rand in the early afternoon.  In the morning we took the turkey out of the freezer.  Tomorrow is trash day so I got a bunch together and then did some raking on the east yard.  Hb and I went for a short walk around the block.
Friday 04
Sharon arrives in the mid afternoon.  We went for a walk around the block and ran into Peace with his new dog, Mushroom and Linda.  Mushroom is photographing all of his paintings, and we saw gloria working over at Kathy Miller's house.  In the evening Pedro came over for dinner and Hb and I made a big old fat turkey.  A good time was had by all, especially with Sharon there.
Saturday 05
Sharon and I take a hike down in Findley NWR in the mid afternoon.  We did the coastal range hills trail.  At least that is what I call the trail.  It was cloudy, misty, but never rained.  A good time was had by all.  It is great having Sharon in town.  In the evening, Sharon gave us a presentation of her road show as well as a show about coming to visit us.
Sunday 06
Early morning walk around the park with Sharon and Hb.  Its nice to get out earlier in the day and get it started.  On our walk we stopped by Shari's farm and saw her chickens, and Sharon got to reminisce about being back on Xigam land back in August of 2017 for the eclipse.  Patrick stopped by in the afternoon with some fresh crab and he and Sharon got to talk about Alaska.  Patrick spent many years living there in a day gone by; he was excited to talk about Fairbanks where he had spent a good time.  In the evening Hb went to her Tom Kenyon Group at Gloria's and Sharon and I spent the night trying to better understand what the term spirituality meant.  We made some progress but are not there yet :)
Monday 07
Sharon left our house at 8AM.  I got up at around 7AM, made the cereal, Sharon ate her cereal and then she took off and drove to the Dalles.  Johng and I picked up his guitar amp at Renee's and put it in our garage until the end of April.  We then went for a walk around the park with Rosita.  On the way home I ran into our neighbor Richard and spoke to him for awhile.  He was riding around on his bike.  Susan Tower was over at the the giving Hb a reading upon my return.
Tuesday 08
I bought a used early 2015 Macbook Pro computer today at 8PM at Starbucks from Brekke Berg for $800.  I purchased my first Macbook Pro on December 28, 2011.  So basically seven years had passed since I purchased my last computer.  I shopped around the past couple of days on Craigslist and this one popped up today.  He and I went back and forth on gmail and it just all worked.
Wednesday 09
Got my computer up and running.  In the afternoon Ken came over and we went for a walk around the park.  Hb had her last Raja group over and I worked outside after the walk and transplanted grass.  It was a warm but wet afternoon.  It rained while Ken and I were walking but at the end of the walk it cleared and enabled me to have fun outside. 
Thursday 10
In the evening we went to the library for the League of Women Voters where there were 2 people speaking about how to modify the city charter.  They had food in the back of the room.  I spoke to Mike Beilstein and Owen Dell.  Earlier in the day I helped Jaffer with the Raja video stuff.  Hb and I went for a walk to the end of Wake Robin.  It was a gorgeous warm sunny day in the afternoon.
Friday 11
Costco in Albany followed by a walk just north west of Scio at the corner of Miller Cemetery Road and Ridge Drive.  Afterwards we drove home through Lebanon.  It was a gorgeous sunny, warm day with partly cloudy skies in the afternoon.
Saturday 12
Another fine winter day in OR.  We had a nice breakfast and then got out into the McDonald Forest.  We parked at CVHS (Crescent Valley) and did a big loop, hiking all the way to the end of the road, crossed the bridge and headed up the hill and under the power lines then a bit further along and looped around back down on the lower Dan's trail.  We hiked over the little bridge and back out the gate.  A lovely hike was had by all and we ticked in at just above 5 miles.  A good healthy walk for Hb and I.  Afterwards we had dinner at the Vitamin Cottage.  We walked in and they had tacos and some nice other food.  So we were happy.
Sunday 13
Big day, starting out with a gong bath via Hezekiah and Alan Steinborn who is from Las Cruces.  It was an interesting journey with the gongs, a metaphor for life and rebirth.  From there we came home and I trimmed trees.  I then went to the COOP for a talk by Steve Rose on corn.  I had a nice talk with Beatrice and Bina was back from her sojourn to Germany.  Will and Johng picked me up at home at 7:30PM and we headed over to Gloria's for Johng's going away party.  I had a nice talk with Leon about our recent trip to KFalls.
Monday 14
Hang at home all day and then we went over to Lasells for the art exhibit.  The only person we talked to there was Ed Ray, the President of OSU.  We had a nice talk with him at the end of the night about life and politics.  Earlier in the evening I introduced him to Michele and he took a liking to her and was comfortable speaking with her at length towards the end of the evening.  Also, had a long talk with Dave Demaree.  We had been playing phone tag since our interaction on Solstice eve where we discussed the concept of consciously doing nothing.  So it was good to check in with him.
Tuesday 15
Hb and I went for a walk around the park earlier in the day.  We did 4 miles starting through the cemetery and all the way over to WL and making the first right up the hill.  In the evening we went over to OddFellows and paid our dues this year being $49 each. This is my 4th Oddfellow's card starting in 2016 March and then we finished our degrees at Hahn Farm in the autumn with Tim.
Wednesday 16
Mom and Dad are flying back to Pittsburgh, I learned that this morning due to my mom's health issues surrounding her heart and itching.  Its been a rough time in Fl. for them.  I went over to the library today.  Hb gave me a ride into town.  She went shopping and I went to the library and started reading this book on the Camino de Santiago.  The universe continues to guide us, and my plan today was not to go the library and not when I entered to find this book; BUT I went to the travel shelf and was looking for books on Spain and this is what I found.  Today I went through and got all of the cities on the Camino with more than 1000 people.  During the afternoon I did my favorite walk west on Jackson and then back to the library through campus.  I could probably do that walk every day of my life and be happy.  Today I had some work to do in my mind.  I was struggling with an email I got from my Dad on this day at 6:08AM.  You can find it in your email, but basically this is what it said: "Give me a call, we are going back to Pgh either Friday or Sat. Love, Dad"  So here I was dealing with the fact that my folks were going back home.  My mantra at the end of the day at I sat in the tub was that "Not to take on the fear associated with my family".  And by doing that mantra I felt better.  There has been a lot going on in my life recently, not all of it documented here; but having the tools in your life to deal with stuff that comes up in you life is clearly very helpful.  In the evening I had a 2 hour talk with Brian.  We are getting older and are able to talk about it, and the reality that we are facing in our lives.  The last time Brian and I spoke "I believe" was December 19, 2017 although he thinks it might be 6 months ago.
Thursday 17
Boyd helped us pull the wire harness out of the fridge door switch, and then it popped back in.  See email from this date for more details.
Friday 18
Lunch with Pedro at Dizzy Hen, followed by cooking for Will's birthday potluck this evening at Will and Kathy's.  I think we might of had a little bit too much fun tonight.
Saturday 19
Walk in the early afternoon around Kiger Island, it was a nice day and not too cold.  Afterwards we went to the COOP and hit upon a citrus tasting, which was sweet and tart:)  Hb went out in the evening to a movie and I went to bed around 8PM.
Sunday 20
Bina stopped by in the afternoon to pick up her seeds.  Earlier in the day I had a long talk with Dad.  It was my first time speaking to him since he and mother got back from Florida 2 days ago on Friday.  They flew back to Pittsburgh because Mother is not feeling well.  Dad told me I would not be going to Fl.  In the evening we went to Gloria's for a Tom Kenyon workshop.
Monday 21
Nice walk in the afternoon into the park, it was sunny !  Afterwards we went to Block15 in Southtown for a chicken sandwich and a salad.  The afternoon turned out to be very nice.
Tuesday 22
Lunch at Coriander; it was our first time there in over a year or more.  They have a very nice Teriaki Chicken lunch special, and the noodles are made of pumpkin.  Afterwards we went over to Coffee Culture to put up an Oddfellows Ecofest Film Festival sign.  The festival starts next Friday.  We came home and went for a walk around the block.  It was a cold and slightly windy damp day; but we got our walk in.
Wednesday 23
Hb went to a movie in the afternoon and in the evening we went over to the library for the Benton Soil and Water Annual Meeting where they talked about native plants, species and soils on the prairie in the Willamette Valley.
Thursday 24
I went shopping on the grocery store loop early in the afternoon, and when I got home within 5 minutes both Hb and Tim Dehne showed up and we went for a real nice walk around the park.  We hung out in the dome and enjoyed the mellow afternoon with Tim.  Then we came home and Hb had her Raja group and I did some cooking and work outside.  In the evening we went to the library for the 3rd meeting in a series with the League of Women Voters.  We hit the first meeting and missed the 2nd one.  I met the park planner, Jackie Rochefort, from the city and hopefully I will meet with her in March about the Mary's River Golf course.
Friday 25
It was a gorgeous sunny day !  I went over to GD (Grocery Depot) and bought a 50lb box of organic potatoes.  Keybank is next door to GD.  I came home and got the NE garden bed ready for fava beans by digging up some dirt, moving some leaves in there and then dressing on top of it our horse manure dirt pile dirt.
Saturday 26
First time at the indoor Farmer's market this year.  I had a nice talk with Luke who we had not seen in awhile.  It was a foggy chilly day.  We walked around the Fairgrounds for awhile then headed out to Philomath and walked out on Evergreen Road.  It is very nice, lovely out there.
Sunday 27
Hb went to the coast with the girls and I did research on Ireland till about 2PM.  Then I went over to the COOP and bought some millet and other staples.  Came home and planted the fava beans on the north east corner bed of the county line.  Its ready to go with dirt and leaves and I planted a bunch of them.  I will do a second round planting in about 6 weeks once I see what type of germination I get.  Stay tuned with the fava beans.  I then went for a nice walk around the block.  It was foggy all day today, but I enjoyed my time at home alone.
Monday 28
Phoenix came over and we walked over to WL.  It was an absolutely fantastic day here, sunny and warm; unlike yesterday which sucked.  Hb and I went shopping in the afternoon and then I walked around outside for awhile.  It is not getting dark here now till 6PM.
Tuesday 29
Today is the day I was supposed to take the shuttle up to Portland to catch my flight to Florida tomorrow morning.  Hb and I walked over to the cemetery and sat on the bench for a long time just looking at the sun and basking in it.  Some people stopped by and the woman told us how to pronounce lebanon.  We were pronouncing it like the country.  They were interested in the history of Corvallis and she lived on Goodnight.  In the evening we went to the 5th Tuesday potluck at Oddfellows.  A woman who had gone to the UN in 1957 who Tim knew from the UU spoke about her experience.  She was from Mississippi and was a Biology professor; she was born in 1940 and had gotten her PhD. in entymology.
Wednesday 30
Long talk with John Zeuli first thing in the morning.  Hb and I went for a walk around the block.  On the way home we saw Mindy.  Patrick got a new job at Mountain Elementary and a new 2001 Honda for $1300.  We had a nice dinner of potatoe pancakes.
Thursday 31
I worked outside in the afternoon, another gorgeous sunny day in the afternoon.  Boyd told me about the polar vortex.  Hb went to Renee's for a winter to spring light ceremony.  I had a long talk with Pedro in the evening and a nice talk with Stewart Cohn earlier in the day.  He told me his story about getting fired from his first job ever due to political issues with his young woman boss of 30 years.


February 2019


Friday 01
Never left the house as today was the first day of rain in awhile.  Weather has been gorgeous and I planted my fava beans on the north east bed days ago.  Finally, they are getting some kick in water.  Renee came over to listen to Mama Maga at noon and Hb served her a piece of Pizza that she made yesterday, yummy.  In the evening we did our "first" of three Eco Film Fest gigs at OddFellows.  We showed up there at 5:30PM, and got home by 9:30PM.  A fun time was had by all.  It is the first time since signing up for another year at IOOF that I feel good about this place again.  Its a good place, and Mark Sherman summed it up this evening by saying it too.  It is his first year as a member when doing the sound for the Eco Film Fest.  He has done it in the past, but previously he was not a member.  Ralph did a great job tonight.  He is our newest member and we are very excited about this addition to the order.
Saturday 02
In the morning I talked to Mom, she seems to be feeling better from her alergic reaction to the medicine.  I went to the Farmer's Market and Hb went to her Journey Group with Sky at the UU.  Afterwards I hiked up Bald Hill; it has been years since I actually hiked into the woods there.  Afterwards I swung by VC and they had free guacamole.  When I got home Peggy and Bob stopped by with Hb.  Bob and I went for a short walk around the block.
Sunday 03
At 9:30AM Gloria and Diana came over and Hb went with them to Redmond to hang out with Will, Kathy, and Renee.  In the afternoon I went outside and did a bit of work, then went for a walk around the block and ran into Naj so we went for a short walk up Crystal Lake and around the cemetery.  I decided not to go to Joe and Suzanne's house for Imbolc.
Monday 04
OSU in the afternoon for a talk on Oak trees in the Ca. Grasslands.  Speaker was very good and the talk was easy to understand.  Afterwards walked back to the bus downtown.  It was dusk, but clear, cold and sunny.  A lovely, beautiful winter day.  Hb still in Redmond, OR.
Tuesday 05
Woke up to snow.  In the afternoon I finished cleaning off my car and then took the bus over to the COOP.  I walked up to Alexander and ran into Jim from Coho.  He always reminds me of Andy.  I bought some avacados at the COOP, had a nice talk with Jonathan who told me about the 2 bands he is in, and then walked downtown and watched a bit of TV at the Marriot.  It was raining outside.  I got into the bus at the station and it started hailing briefly.  Behind it was some sun and blue sky.  By the time I got to the end stop it stopped raining.  I walked home, then talked to Patrick in his car.  I hadn't spoken to him in awhile.  He got a new job at the elementary school and today was his 2nd day.  So that is great news for him !  I did one more walk around the block and then came home.
Wednesday 06
Hb got home from Redmond around 4PM with Diana and Gloria.  We went over to OSU for some food and a talk on empowering women.  The speaker was Judith Erwin who is starting a bank called Grasshopper bank.  The talk was marginally good, geared toward the undergraduate student.  Food was the same that it always is at OSU.  I am sick of the food there, imagine if you were one of the people who has to go to all of these events and you had to eat the same food once a week.
Thursday 07
In the late afternoon Hb and I went over to OSU to watch RBG, a movie about Ruth Bader Ginsburgh the 2nd woman on the US Supreme Court.  Afterwards we went to hear a speaker talk about the rise of Islam, followed by a nice reception.  We met a 26 year old student by the name of Bobby, spoke with Paul and talked to Mike Beilstein about getting more jelly.
Friday 08
Phoenix came over and we went for a walk in the park.  I met Wendolyn who lives next to Mark Sherman and Barb who is with Joe who lives next to Kathy Miller.  In the evening we went to Oddfellows and we worked.  Week 2 of the film festival; when we left we were on the edge of rain and snow.  Upon getting home I got an email that mother went to the hospital with chest pains.
Saturday 09
Hb and I have a long talk in the morning about helping me decide that I should go home.  We went shopping as Sharon was arriving later in the day.  Not thinking I would be going home, I bought tons of food at the circuit including another big 50lb box of potatoes.  Sharon arrived in the early afternoon prior to us.  We left the door open.  We got back home and she and I went for a walk around the park.  She told me all about her trip to Alaska and we had some good quality time together on our walk.  We got home and I had to make some quick decisions.  My sister had just called crying to Hb saying she thinks I should come home as mother was not doing well.  I started packing up my clothes.  Got my suitcase out of the garage and into the house and then started going through my ritual of getting my sh-t together.  It was a whirlwind packing experience.  One that does not usually unfold that way.  It was a surreal couple of hours.  I had a tamale for dinner.  Oh yeh, I also bought 1 dozen tamales from Francesca in her new food cart on the corner of Crystal Lake and 99.  It is a nice orange cart.  The final blow was a long talk with Larry about what was going on.  He basically told me the news.  Then I spoke to Iris to re-confirm what I already knew.  I was going home.  Now it was just a matter of when.  I got on the internet after taking a shower and sat on Hb's bed with her on the other side.  I was facing her on my side and she was reading in her bed.  I first looked at Southwest and that was around $500.  Then I did a search on Expedia for Eugene and United Airlines came up.  The ticket was $360 from Eugene to Pitt.  I booked the ticket.  Soon after I went to bed.  I didn't sleep all night.  I was very much alert and riled up and my brain was clearly not at peace.  I was feeling my Mom's life pass before me as I tried to sleep all night.  
Sunday 10
I did not sleep basically at all.  Hb got up at 6AM and Sharon was already up at 5AM, her usual time.  So I got up too, and started doing my final preparation for the journey back to Pittsburgh.  Hb made pancakes for Sharon and then I made some cereal with apples and banana and some other stuff and threw in the rest of the rice I had left.  It was my food for the rest of the day and for breakfast Monday morning back in Pittsburgh.  The morning was clear and pretty sunny.  It was chilly but not that cold.  There was snow on the windshield but by the time we left at 10AM for the airport the sun had came out about 10 minutes before and it was melted.  I drove to the airport and Hb was the co-pilot.  We had a nice ride and good talk.  I told her how much I loved her and how much she had helped me get to the point where I was.  Going home.  In retrospect I got extremely lucky that I went home when I did.  Getting on the flight today was huge, as tomorrow we were busy at home.  It was the first time I had ever flown out of Eugene.  Its the way to go.  After spending $120 at the Red Lion and driving up to Portland and dealing with that huge hassle the cost difference between Eugene and Portland especially when one of us is traveling is pretty darn clear.  Going to Portland is no longer the optimal solution.  So the flight from Eugene to Denver and Denver to Portland is the same distance.  I sat next to a nice young man who was born in 1984.  He was a bit of a whacko for sure.  Initially he tried to scare me with a few brief comments but then we got to know each other and the conversation went very well.  He lives half way between Triangle Lake and Deadwood which he said was near Greenleaf.  He owns 11 acres, cuts his own hay in June and is a genius hardware computer engineer.  He worked at Symantec for 12 years and it was one of those talks that counts on airplanes as very good.  I arrived in Denver, ate my hot cereal with rice and got back on the plane and was in Pittsburgh by 10:40PM.  It was blustery, cold snow.  The whole trip I was nervous about this part.  First my bag came off closer to last than first, when I went outside the last bus left at midnight and I caught the 11:30PM bus.  There was another young asian student who was waiting with me.  So I knew another bus would be there.  We got on the bus and started driving and we started to hear a beeping noise.  I thought it was from the ice on the road and the computer was malfunctioning telling us of that.  It was annoying and I pulled out my earplugs.  I got flustered texting Iris and thought I had lost my glasses, they turned up in the pocket of my backpack.  That was scary for a moment.  Then the bus conked and we broke down at the bus stop at Robinson.  I was texting Iris telling her what was going on.  It was a bit of a saga.  The next bus; the last and final midnight bus showed up about 20 minutes later and we changed buses and they took us home.  Because the route had changed Iris was concerned so she was waiting for me when I got off the bus at the turn on Morewood just past 5th.  I was happy to see her as the snow on the ground would have made it a bit tricky to wheel my pretty heavy suitcase.  Iris picked me up and we chatted for a bit.  She dropped me off in front of the apartment and it was at that moment I asked her "How mother was doing ?.  At that moment she told me mother had passed away this afternoon at 1:26PM.  I will write more about this and my feelings about it.  I went up to the apartment and greeted Dad, hugged him, and then we sat down and I ate a bit more of my cereal mixture I ate in the Denver airport.  I unpacked, took a shower and went to bed.  I slept well.
Monday 11
I slept late till about 10:30AM when Dad woke me up.  Larry picked us up at 12:45PM and we went to the funeral home.  Donal J Vey at the Ralph Schugar Funeral Chapel spent two hours with us going over the options and procedures.  We picked the casket, discussed the details etc.  We then went to see the Rabbi at Rodef Shalom Sharyn H Henry.  She was very nice and is around the same age as Rabbi Danny Schiff of McKeesport.  They are friends.  She also knows Joe Black from Abq and now Denver who Susie Sigman worked for, and has heard of Rabbi Lynn Gottleib.  Dad and I hit it off with the Rabbi, it went well and Dad was happy about his decision to choose her.  Afterwards we went to Costco, then Bravo for dinner.  Dad told the manager mother had died and they gave him a free meal.  We then went on to Trader Joe's and bought some more supplies and then headed home.  It was a big day.  I sit here now recalling the saga and journey since Saturday morning 3 days ago when Hb and I first started the discussion which led to this moment.
Tuesday 12
A foot note about Feb 10.  Jaimie's son Enrique was born on the same day my Mom died.  So both Sharon Hawley and Jason Booth pointed this out to me and I decided to note it here just when it was brought to my attention.  Iris came over around 2PM and we headed over to the cemetery.  The service started at 3PM.  It was raining so we waited in the car until Rabbi Henry arrived.  The ceremony was short, sweet and very intimate.  The only folks there was me, Dad, Iris, Larry and David, and Donald J Vey.  Afterwards Iris brought us home and Dad and I had a quiet dinner and did our prayer for mother prior to eating our meal.  During the ceremony the Rabbi read a poem by Mary Oliver and I told the story about Henry being born the same day my Mom died along with the story about the blue jacket and my Mom not wanting me to take the coat back to OR so I would have it for her funeral.  Dad told her at the time, it didn't work because it meant she would have to die in the winter.  Well it turned out to be true.  At least it rained instead of snow.
Wednesday 13
Today is the day I was supposed to come back from Florida, but instead I am clearly in Pittsburgh, funny how it all twists and turns.  There is light snow in the air upon awaking.  Going over to the cemetery yesterday gave me a better sense of the other side of the river and what it looks like in Millvale.  Iris came over around noon and Dad, she and I sat down to have a talk about Mom's passing and how to move forward on numerous issues.  It went well, and we are all on the same page.  Dad and I went to the Giant Eagle for grapes for tomorrow evening and then the Union Grill for dinner.  I had a caesar salad and a baked potatoe, dad had matzah ball soup and perogis.
Thursday 14
In the morning the plumbers came over right after breakfast and they were here past lunch.  Dad got 2 new toilets and we are up and running.  Iris came over and I went out for my first walk since arriving home into Pittsburgh Sunday evening at about 1AM.  So Monday we went to the funeral home, Tuesday was the funeral and Wednesday Dad, Iris and I had a family meeting.  So this was my first chance to chill out and take a break.  It was a gorgeous, cloudy winter day in Pittsburgh and I walked over to Trader Joe's along Walnut Street.  First I stopped off at my new bank which I got going in Corvallis and I came back on Ellsworth.  In the evening Robert, Kerry, Andy and Debbie came over and Robert brought over the food which was Middle Eastern.  D-(E)LI came over after dinner.  It was great to see David here in the house hanging out with us.  Larry was tired, it was passed his bedtime.
Friday 15
During the day we went to Target and the Post Office; I also went to pay my T-Mobile bill good thru May 16.  In the evening at 5:30PM we went to Rodef for services and spent time with Jill Rubenstein.  She sat next to us and hung out with us at the Oneg.
Saturday 16
I walked up to the corner of Shady and Northumberland and then past the Tree of Life back home via Wightman.  In the evening Dad and I went over to Providence Point and had dinner with Larry.  Dad picked a nice spot to spend the rest of his life at.  Quite a concept if you ask me.  Spoke to Jerry Angerman.
Sunday 17
Rita, Stuart, Larry, Iris, Scott, Kathy, Stephanie and Richard came over at 4:30PM.  I had a nice talk with Harriet, Rick, and Bob Egerman, and Marty Zinamon.
Monday 18
Iris came over in the afternoon and we played Monopoly with Dad.  Afterwards I went out for a walk down Walnut Street to Negley, up the hill and back along Fair Oaks to Wightman.  I also got a haircut along the way at Supercuts and got the senior discount and gave her a four dollar tip.
Tuesday 19
In the morning I went for a walk up to the bank, then continued on towards Whole Foods, and then all the way to the top of Negley Hill.  It was a glorious, cold sunny morning in the burgh, and the shining sun warmed my soul.  In the afternoon Dad and I drove downtown Pittsburgh to the old Parking lot next to Hornes Department store and went up to the 16th floor with Larry and had a nice view of the river, three rivers and the window faced towards the north hills.  We had a nice view and a good time.  I told Iris we had a birthday party with cake and candles.
Wednesday 20
Lunch with Robert today at his club.  He picked me up at 1PM and I got home at 4PM.  Day 2 of riding the bike downstairs for 20 minutes, today I rode 3 miles.  I am getting into riding the bike in the winter.  I awoke this morning to a nice snow storm.
Thursday 21
Another nice pretty sunny morning.  Iris and I went for a walk at noon over to Shadyside and then back down Ellsworth towards Pitt.  She went to get David at 1:30PM and I kept walking for another hour and stopped by the gourmet deli on Walnut and picked up some sundry food for dinner.  I helped Dad in the afternoon with some stuff and then rode the bike at 6PM.  I am now up to riding 3.5 miles in around 21 minutes mas o menos.
Friday 22
Went over to the bank with Dad and Iris, then started walking from Beth Shalom.  Walked over to the library on Forbes and Murray; then over to the Greek restaurant I had my falafel salad when I was home in October but unfortunately the place was closed down so I had a nice Thai meal on the corner of Shady and Forbes.  It was yummy, but I got the wrong dish.  Then I walked home and took a nap and we went to services at Rodef with Jill Rubenstein and the oneg too.  It was a nice day, not real sunny but certainly a pleasant winter day.
Saturday 23
Dad went to make copies and go to the post office and I had a long talk with Iris on the phone.  At 3PM I went down to ride the bike and then we went to Providence Point for dinner with Larry at 5PM.  It was fun hanging out there with Dad and the people there are very nice.
Sunday 24
Did some house cleaning including vacuuming and washing Dad's sheets.  Also, went for a bike ride downstairs as well.  It was a windy day so I did not go outside at all.  Hb arrived safe and sound in the Redmond condo with Susan Tower et al.
Monday 25
Windy, cold, sunny day and day 2 of never leaving the house.  I cleaned out my whole room of mother's stuff.  Bags and bags of tissue paper, plastic bags, hangers and random stuff that was hanging around after she passed.  I threw it all down the garbage chute.  So my room is now cleaned out of all her stuff.  David came over in the afternoon to work on the wireless camera Iris wanted to set up while we are gone.  I went for a bike ride in the evening around 6PM.  I have ridden the bike every day since I started riding it about one week ago.  The first week I went for walks and the past week I went for bike rides on the life cycle. 
Tuesday 26
Up early and we left the house at 11:15AM and drove across the street to Iris's.  She drove us out to the airport.  We were there by noon, and a wheel chair person took Dad to the gate.  We landed in Florida about 4:30PM and Marsha picked us up right on time.  We had a nice dinner at Ninos.
Going back to Florida.
Wednesday 27
Day 1 in Florida was gorgeous.  Sunny, almost hot and clear morning skies.  In the afternoon we get clouds and a bit of sprinkles.  We had lunch at Skillets near the university and then to Dad's GP appt.  Afterwards I bought shoes at Beall's outlet and then we went shopping at Costco.  We topped the day off at Walmart by buying ivory soap.  I came home and went for a walk once around the Master's.
Thursday 28
Started the day off at the Thursday Farmer's Market at Coconut Point, followed by the PNC Bank for a dad notary, followed by shopping and lunch at Whole Foods, then TJ's, and Deromo's for Dad's soup.  Upon arrival at home Dave and Evelyn pumped up my bike tires, he lives across the driveway and is a musician.  I rode my bike over to the River's club and sat by the river, then watched them play pickle ball.  It was a gorgeous, clear, sunny, warm stupendous afternoon in Florida.


March 2019


Friday 01
Day one of swimming.  We got there at 3:30PM and stayed till 5PM.  I swam about 10 laps.  Three, then two, then five.  I need to do this every time I go swimming.  Today was our first day hanging out and not going anywhere.
Saturday 02
Day 02 hanging out at the pool, I did about 10 laps.
Sunday 03
Rode my bike over to Koreshan for the Farmer's Market and bought a big cabbage.  Long talk with Pedro in the afternoon.  He is in Hawaii, it was my first time talking to him since I left Oregon.  He has an offer on the farm in Silver City.  Late in the day Dad and I went over to work out.  I rode my bike over there and sat by the river and watched some Bocce.  Earlier in the day Dad went to get a haircut.
Monday 04
I did 10 laps at the pool today, and we met a nice older lady who spoke to Dad and I about how nice the people in Oregon are.  She is the first person I met this year in Florida who I was kind of able to connect to.  This is a weird place, but the weather is nice and being with Dad here is great !
Tuesday 05
Work on taxes.  Lunch at Skillets, shopping at the circuit including wmt, costco and the citrus place where you get free juice and samples.  It was our first cloudy day since arriving exactly one week ago.
Wednesday 06
It was our first sunny, cold morning.  After lunch I walked for the first time up towards the road that is adjacent to Koreshan.  Then we had a nice dinner at all seasons naples, for the joys of senior living.  Amy Hilliard showed us around and we had dinner with Scott Gerrish and Amalia Carrasquillo Gerrish.  We got home just at dark.
Thursday 07
Dinner with Debbie P Altman and Marsha Poster at Nino's.  Earlier in the day I went for a walk around the Master's.  We finished up Michele's taxes today as well, great news.
Friday 08
Long talk with Michele in the morning sitting outside on the Lenai.  In the afternoon I walked over to the Master's and then went swimming late in the day.  I had a nice talk with Bud whose name is Charles.  Dad went to ride the bike.  In the evening we wrote checks.
Saturday 09
Abbey came to clean our house at 10AM.  Earlier I went for a walk on the bosque street adjacent to Koreshan.  We went for a swim in the afternoon.  Hb had her party today at 2:30PM attended by...
Sunday 10
Walk early in the morning around the Master's.  We saw the Green Book at Coconut Point and then had lunch at California Pizza.  I came home and chilled out for a bit and then I went for a walk near the Master's around the golf course for the first time and then ended up at the William's gate.
Monday 11
Pnc Bank was our first stop.  Then Keystone Place at Naples Preserve where we had a nice lunch.  Then on to the Carlisle which was the funky older place which I liked the best.  Plus it had a den room with a half bath and they do your furniture.  Afterwards we went to the talk about Brexit at the World Affairs Council.  We had dinner at Bravo with Mark and Carol Gottlieb. 
Tuesday 12
Hb B-day.  I did some research on Bradenton to see where things are at.  We had another talk with Mark Coulson.  Larry spoke to him after we did to clarify some more stuff.  In the afternoon Dad went to Costco and I had a nice talk with Jeff Mankoff.  Then we went out to the pool for a nice swim and hot tub.
Wednesday 13
Got ready for our journey tomorrow to Bradenton.  Dad went down towards Naples for some errands and I stayed at home.  Hb enjoyed the Ursula Leguin movie last night at OSU.
Thursday 14
Up at 6:30AM.  Picked up Marsha at 9AM.  Arrived at the game early and got some tacos.  Robert was late so Marsha got us in the game.  We had great seats.  The buckos won 11-1 with 4 homeruns.  After wards we had dinner at Pier22.  I sat next to Karen and Dennis who played baseball for the pros.  Karen and Dennis used to live in Mt. Pleasant but now live in Florida.  We got home to the Holiday Inn Express and went to bed pretty early.
Friday 15
I got up at 7:30AM and walked to the end of the street.  We had a nice lunch at a Cuban restaurant called the Columbian in Sarasota.  We got home around 6PM after stopping at Costco and having a hot dog and Target.  We had a good trip.
Saturday 16
Walked in the morning and Dad dropped me off at the River's Club and I walked back on the path for the first time.
Sunday 17
Farmer's market early to buy bread from Veronica Johnson Food Products @ 239 691 1311.  Went swimming in the afternoon and had a BIG St. Patty's Day buffet of shrimp and corned beef at the River's Club.  It was our first time eating there.
Monday 18
Cloudy day, rain tomorrow.  Early morning walk.  Went swimming in the late afternoon; I was the only one at the pool as imminent rain keeps people away.  Hb got the lawn mower cranked up and running today.
Tuesday 19
Lunch at Skillets with Al Rosenthal and Phyliss, and Morty Opal and his wife Rosalie.  Afterwards we went to Costco.  Dinner with Monte Marco and Hillary at the Rivers Club.  Had a long talk with Peter Day before dinner.
Wednesday 20
Worked on taxes all day.  In the morning I completed the filing, and all afternoon I got the files ready and uploaded.  The job is officially done.  Good job !  Late in the evening I went for a walk out on the golf course.  It was bright outside from the moon, and being on the course was kind of cool.  I heard this weird noise from an animal that sounded very bizarre.  It was kind of like an amazing cricket sound or something.
Thursday 21
Bob and Nancy Kaufman drive over from the east coast to have lunch with us at the River's club.  In the afternoon we hung out with Marsha who came over late in the day.  Marsha and I went for a walk around the block.  Dad and I went over to Nino's for a pizza at dusk.
Friday 22
Dad played golf for the first time and he sank two very long putts, along with have a super day on the course.  We played the Lakes Course and I was his caddy.  Gorgeous, sunny, slightly windy day in Paradise.
Saturday 23
Pops in Naples was amazing.  I was in the 2nd row for the 2nd half.  A bunch of Broadway Plays by Lerner and Lowe.  We had dinner at Brio with Mort and Myra.  Earlier in the day I walked around the Master's and had a talk with a guy from WV who had a nice red old mercedes.
Sunday 24
Swimming in the afternoon.  Spoke to Bud otherwise known as Charles and met Granville from Frankfort, Kentucky, which he reminded me is the capital.  Also, he told me about the coconut trees that I thought were palm trees and the live oak in Florida.  Two hour talk with Rand and Tessie in the early afternoon along with a long talk with Iris as well.  In the morning I rode my bike over to the Farmer's Market and had a nice talk with Veronica Johnson 239 691 1311 of Veronica's Bakery fame and gluten free bread.
Monday 25
Lunch at the Carlisle.  World Affairs meeting with cyber security guy.  Dinner with Richard, Judy, Mark and Carol at Brio.  On the way home we stopped of at TJ's.
Tuesday 26
Dad dropped me off and he worked out and I walked back on the nature trail.  It was a beautiful day.  Hb was over at Peggy's house for a few days.
Wednesday 27
Went up to Ft. Myers today to visit Campo Felice and then lunch at our favorite Mexican Restaurant downtown Ft. Myers.  Coming home down 75 then I went to a golf tournament here of the Jr. Pros.  It was a great afternoon, and I got to be right there with the golfers.  Very cool !
Thursday 28
Marsha came over for dinner and we had pizza.  No walk in the morning, but got out just after lunch.  It was a bit windy today.
Friday 29
Walk in the morning.  Swim in the late afternoon.  Sat in the hot tub for about an hour talking to Denny from Cincinatti who had done a trip to OR last summer playing golf in Bend and Bandon.  Then I met Nancy who lives in southern hills and Jeff who is an art teacher in the southern suburbs of Chicago.  He is visiting his parents.
Saturday 30
Costco, and Walmart to check our blood pressue.  The second time the blood pressue goes down.  Both Dad and I experienced this.  At 4PM we went to the putting green and had our Seaside III party.  Afterwards a potluck a few houses to the east at Carol Ralston's house.
Sunday 31
Final Sunday at the Farmer's Market as next Sunday Veronica will be at a different market that is more popular.  Koreshan clears out in the spring and so I bought 2 breads.


April 2019


Monday 01
Walk early at the usual time.  Swimming in the afternoon.  Nice talk with Bud.  He has become my friend at the pool along with Denny and Jane who is one of our neighbors and Leroy and Vickie.
Tuesday 02
First time riding my bike over to West Bay.  I did the loop and sat on the river.  They got new chairs that are tall and nice.  In the evening we went to the Rivers Club with Marsha Poster.  Hb went to the Oddfellows Installation dinner for Myrna.
Wednesday 03
Mellow day at home.  Listened to calm piano music from Michael @ RelaxDaily.  Dad and I played golf in the late afternoon.  Earlier around noon I went swimming and did the hot tub.
Thursday 04
Mellow day at home, sent a letter to my doctor King about my heart palpitations.
Friday 05
Four times around the Master's.  Dad and I went to lunch at Skillets and then we did a grand tour of florida gulf coast university.  Its a nice new campus.  We came home and had hamburgers for dinner.  I had a nice talk with Peter Day.  He has been back home now for about 2 weeks.
Saturday 06
Dad and I went down south to Bonita Beach Rd to go to the big indoor flea market where we met with some guys who buy back silver coins.  They gave us the lowdown.  Afterwards we went to a nice lunch at Iguana Mia.  Late in the day I went swimming; at 6PM it was warm and sunny.  No longer chilly after coming out of the pool.  Spring is here in full blast and temps have warmed up.  Spoke to Jason for his birthday which was yesterday.
Sunday 07
Final bike ride over to the Farmer's Market.  Afterwards I sat by the river for a bit and looked at a tree on the other side of the river.  The last time I was here was with Hb a few years back.  Its a sweet little spot on the river.  In the afternoon Dad and I played golf.  It threatened rain on the first two holes then cleared up and was cloudy and cool.  Dad played well and it was a perfect afternoon on the course.  I love parts of Florida and being here at times is very nice.
Monday 08
Salvation army, rooms to go, and a lecture on Iran.  Dinner at Whole Foods.  The lecture was the best one of the bunch.  So 3 for 3 and we hit the best one.
Tuesday 09
Curt Clawson random conversation on my early afternoon walk.  He barely told me he was a congressman by referencing a story about "someone else".  In the end he told me the story he was telling me was about him.  I had no idea he was a US Congressman until I came home and started doing some research on him.  All I had was his first name and from there it fell into place.  It was a cloudy, stormy, rainy day but I got my walk in and I was happy.
Wednesday 10
In the late morning we went to buy citrus at the corner store and I drank a bunch of free juice.  Too much.  Dad and Marsha went out to dinner at Nino's and I went over to the pool and hot tub.  Marsha and I went for a walk around the block and the moon was lovely with the clear stars in the sky.  Florida has treated me sort of well and sort of rough.  This trip was a very mixed blessing and over all challenging but nice.
Thursday 11
Dad rode up to Costco to get gas, and I rode my bike over to Bob and Sally Chamberlains place.  They will hand off the bike to Marsha for the season.  I might possibly use it next winter if I come down here.  In the morning I went for a nice walk around the Master's and had a great swim and hot tub out at the pool starting at 5:30PM.  Florida has been challenging, lovely, trying, difficult, nice, warm and sometimes peaceful.  But all in all it was a rough trip overall mainly because of my health issue surrounding my heart and the possible tie to a Vitamin B12 overdose.  The good parts were the daily walks, riding my bike over to Koreshan State Park for the Sunday farmer's markets and talking to Veronica, the river and sitting by it and looking at the water, the trees and the nice houses on the other side, driving to Bradenton to watch the Pirates with Robert, hanging out at the Holiday Inn Express Hotel and going for a walk in the late evening and then again in the early morning up to the end of the road and looking out across the water, lunch at the Columbia restaurant in Sarasota, going to Nino's with Dad and Marsha, driving up to Costco and getting gas and having lunch at Skillets numerous times, the drive around Florida Gulf Coast University to finally check out the campus, the lecture series for the World Affairs and walking in that hood and seeing house for sale for 1.2M, dinner at Bravo and Brio with Mark and Carol Gottleib, going to TJ's and Whole Foods, walking around the Carlisle, our trip to Fort Myers and lunch at the Mexican restaurant, going to the Citrus store and having too much juice to drink, talking to Hb on Skype, going out and walking around the Master's literally tens of times.
Friday 12
Final full day in Florida.  Big walk around 7:30AM the back road next to Koreshan and then to the end of the nature trail and down to the dock on the river.  It was my first and only time doing that walk in that direction from home.  Dad had dropped me off at the River's club when he worked out and I walked home, but never the full gig in the morning.  That set the tone for the sunny, hot day.  We packed and cleaned up all day, watched Tiger come with in one shot of being tied for the Master's with 2 rounds left.  At about 6PM I went out to the pool.  I hung out with Leroy our neighbor whose wife's name is Vicki at the hot tub and another guy from Troy, Michigan.  We made our final dinner of lots of left overs and then did a massive clean up of the kitchen.  A good final day in Florida was had by all.
Saturday 13
Up around 6AM, did my final walk next to Koreshan over to the nature trail and then came back home.  We packed up the house, cleaned around the kitchen and left for the airport before 11AM.  Ron met us at the airport and he was off and we hung in the airport till our plane took off around 2PM.  We got home at 4PM, Larry picked us up at the airport and took us to his house.  Then we drove into town and had a nice dinner at the Union Grill.
Sunday 14
Dad and I went on the shopping food circuit including Aldi's, Whole Foods, and Trader Joe's.  We watched Tiger Woods win the Master's after 22 years and he hasn't won a major since 2008.
Monday 15
In the morning it was kind of cold and rainy and sleety but by the afternoon it was chilly and sunny.  I went for a walk at the end of the day on the usual walk over to Shadyside.  Earlier we cleared out an sdb and I shut down an account as well.  We picked up some bread for Dad in Squirrel Hill.  The car arrived from Florida delivered by Ron Panek and Bob South.  It was nice to see them both.  Afterwards Dad and I unpacked the car and moved everything upstairs.
Tuesday 16
Larry, Iris, Dad and I had a meeting downtown Pittsburgh at the Oliver Building across from Mellon Square at 12:30PM.  The meeting went very well.  Afterwards I went for a long walk over to the Allegheny Arsenal Cemetery and checked out that neighborhood for a second time.  The last time was when I was home last November.  On the way I got some free raisins at the Italian Grocery store as they were out of date.  We met Dad's new neighbor David Bartholomae and his wife Joyce.  We met Joyce prior to going to Florida when they had first purchased their place.  She was a Spanish teacher and he lived in Spain on sabbatical from chairman of the Pitt Literature Department.
Wednesday 17
Robert and I went for a nice hike in Frick Park.  Afterwards Dad and I went shopping at Whole Foods and Giant Eagle.  It was a nice warm partly cloudy day.  Robert and I hung out at the bottom of the hill at a picnic bench under a pavillion.
Thursday 18
Iris and I went to visit mother at the cemetery.  We sat down there and hung out for a couple of hours.  The weather was initially a bit cloudy with a few drops falling from the sky but as the afternoon passed the sun came out and warmed up.  We had a very long talk about life which was very helpful for me.  After getting back home we went over to see the Shadyside Inn where Bandy who is the general manager told me I could get a room in the off season for around $89 per night.  I had a nice conversation with Carol Nathanson about her friendship with Mother and the closeness and friendship she felt with Mom.  Her words could not have been more beautiful.
Friday 19
Dad and I went to Costco to get the tire fixed.  I walked around the Homestead stacks.  From there we drove to McKeesport and checked out the store, warehouse, 3114 Grover Ave, Monongahela Blvd, Bucks Farm.  We had lunch at Luciano's and then went up to the Gemilis Chesed cemetery and then back home past Eastland which looked like a big island lake with trees coming out of it and then past Vincent's pizza.  At Costco we saw our math teacher Irving Loser.  We went to Rodef for Passover dinner and sat with 2 couples.  One couple, the guy had gotten a conversion.  They were very nice.  We had a good time at the seder and the chocolate cake at the end of the night was yummy.
Saturday 20
Sunny afternoon in Oakland and I did the loop up to the library and around on the bridge back to CMU campus.  I stopped by the little cafe adjacent to the law library called the "porch".  Afterwards Dad and I went to the Rollier's hardware store and the Dollar Store to buy some cards prior to having dinner with Bob out at the Provident Point.  Looks like they made some good progress on Dad's new home.
Sunday 21
Went through some boxes up in the closet particularly mother's pictures from LHAS and other stuff.  In the afternoon I did the walk over to Chatam College then down the hill for the first time, then crossed 5th and swung across on Kentucky.  It was chilly and cloudy out, but a gorgeous spring autumn type day.  I had my winter coat on that I brought home from Oregon.
Monday 22
Iris, Dad, and I went to the Square Cafe for a nice lunch.  Afterwards we looked at the guest suite at the condo and then went over to Home Depot to buy Dad a new light fixture for Mother's closet.  It burned out the day she died.  I went for a walk around the block up on the top of the hill.  It was a gorgeous sunny day.
Tuesday 23
Final day at home prior to the morning departure tomorrow.  Finished packing, went for a walk past Rodef towards Pitt.  That was my first time walking over that way on this trip.  Iris came over during dinner and we hung out for awhile.  I got to spend some good quality time with her on this journey.  Todo bien.
Wednesday 24
Up early.  Took the bus to the airport.  Planes worked without delays.  Caught the OR Shuttle back to Corvallis for the first time.  I got off the plane at 4:15PM, raced to baggage claim, and the bag came off a bit slow, and then ran over and the shuttle was just getting ready to leave.  We missed Woodburn and had to back track a bit.  Hb picked me up at Del Alma and I was home.  It was a long journey, and I am very happy to be back home.
Thursday 25
Hb and I went to breakfast at Dizzy Hen.  We saw Jeff and Elizabeth our neighbor there.  Afterwards we did a short walk over at Evergreen and hung out with the lambs.  We then did some food shopping.  Phoenix came over to say hi along with Ken and Patrick.  I did some mowing too on the side yard to get things going a bit more.  The grass was real high, but progress is being made.
Friday 26
Spoke to Johng in the morning.  Spring cleaning at our house.  Long walk in the park.  Finished cutting the grass on the side yard.  It was long, and it took me two days to cut.  The weather today was a perfect 69 degrees and we walked to the edge of WL on the trail.  It was my first time there since returning from home.
Saturday 27
Work outside on planting potatoes.  Earlier we went to the Farmer's market and hung out with Liz.  A bit of shopping early in the afternoon, and bought some stuff for planting my seeds I got from Peace Seedlings.
Sunday 28
Hb and I go for a walk over at OSU.  Over to Pedro's house to hang out and watch the Warrior's play the Rocket's.  Liz comes over for a nice lamb, mashed potatoes, and cauliflower dinner.
Monday 29
Walk with Liz into the park after lunch.  We went down to the river in the forest and hung out there for about one half hour.  It was nice being with Liz.  I told her she was welcome to stay at our house any time that she wanted.
Tuesday 30
I met Dev for the first time.  She stopped by our house before Hb and Liz got home.  Liz, Hb and I went over to OSU for the Humanities Lecture Series at the Autzen House.  We left the lecture in awe of the lecture and the beautiful evening and light upon us.


May 2019


Wednesday 01
Walk into town to mail Hb's letter to Tom Kenyon.  Along the way we stopped off at the COOP and saw Renee, Liz, and Renee's friend Dave whom I met for the first time.  He went out to Eastern Oregon with Hb, Liz and crew recently and is Renee's new friend post Johng heading off to Tucson for the winter.  In the evening we went over to Renee's for a fire and dance circle in celebration of Beltane.  It was a nice ceremony and it wasn't too cold outside as the winds subsided at dusk.
Thursday 02
Worked in the garden in the afternoon for a bit and then went over to Lasells for an art opening.  David and Lottie were there so we hung out with them and Liz came over.  Saw Linda Edwards, and towards the end of the night our friend Paul from the clam bake stopped by and we chatted with him.  Afterwards we went for a walk with Liz around the campus to appreciate spring time and all of the budding flowers on campus.  Simply a superb and perfect evening.
Friday 03
Walk in the afternoon to our river spot in the woods.  Hang at Patrick and Mindy's for awhile.  Patrick took off to get the kids and had a minor fender bender so I took Mindy to pick up Juniper at Suzie's house and then picked up Izzy at Lincoln School.  I saw Francesca's daughter Blanca and her son Chewy.
Saturday 04
Picked up Liz at 10:30 at Bill's house. Stopped by here, and then took her over to Renee's.  Picked up Patrick and the kids and took him over to his car next to the dead end street cerca the railroad tracks and Avery Park.  It is the car shop where the short cut is to Avery Park.  Downtown and met Bob and Peggy for lunch at the Zia burrito place.  Afterwards I went to the Grocery Outlet for the first time, I will be going back there.  Three hour session with Jan and Boyd, Doug, and Jamie.  At the end of the evening I realized after an intense talk with them that my current health issue was most likely anxiety and not an inherent heart issue.
Sunday 05
At 8am I took Liz to the coop and then on to the greyhound station.  She was taking a bus down to Medford to be with her friend Meg.  In the afternoon we had lunch at the coop up on the balcony and then went to the plant sale to hang out with Mushroom and other folks.  We went home and Pedro picked us up at 4PM to go out to Suzanne's for a Cinco de Mayo party.  The whole time out there I had on short and a T-shirt and never needed anything else.  We had a real nice time.  Hb and I walked over to the trailhead around 6PM.  A good time was had by all.
Monday 06
Hb went for a massage and then lunch with Maria Twoey and Anya.  I had Sean come over from Hendrix Heating and Cooling to give us a bid for our new Mitsubishi Heat Pump.  Afterwards we went over to Renee's for Rosita, the dogs, memorial service.  Hb and I afterwards went for a walk around the park and then in the evening I cut the grass of the side lawn.  This was my 2nd time cutting the grass since I got home almost 2 weeks ago.
Tuesday 07
Oddfellows meeting in the evening.  It was my first meeting since paying our dues back on January 15.  Earlier in the day we cleaned up the back and side yard of pine cones.  I spoke to Dad in the afternoon and told him we were buying a heat pump which I put the order in for this morning.
Wednesday 08
False start at the dentist, arrived there and Jenny was not there.  Went for a hike north of here off walnut and Hwy 20 called Pilkington Avenue.  It was my first foray into exploring this area.  Afterwards went to Big 5 to buy a jump road and a new pair of shoes, then over to TMobile to pay my phone bill.  Later in the day Hb and I went to OSU for a talk at the Center for the Humanities.  It was part III in a series we attended last week with Liz.  We hung out with Pedro at his house watching game 5 of the rockets and the warriors.  We learned about crimson clover, borage and lavender.  Especially crimson clover as a cover crop.
Thursday 09
Late in the day we went for a walk over to the cemetery and swung back through the tear down house for sale on crystal lake behing renee's.  We saw Dave and Anna and Dave's parents who were considering buying the house but decided no.
Friday 10
Tyee Winery with Liz.  Hung out with Craig and Art.  His full name is Arthur but he goes by Art.  Liz got into town at 5:30PM and is staying at Kathy Miller's house.  We picked her up at 5:40PM and went out to Tyee.  It was Craig's birthday.
Saturday 11
Farmer's Market, had a long talk with Ken about Miller.  Liz was there and we sat at the Burrito stand and talked.  Afterwards we went home and got Hb's bike and had her bike tire fixed downtown.  Matthew, the guy who fixed our tire did it right away and it cost Hb $7.  We went to the Farmstand at 5PM and hung out with Hezekiah, and it was a beautiful evening.
Sunday 12
Thyme garden all day, sunny, slightly cool and absolutely lovely.  We saw Ildi and her son and spoke to them for a bit.  We love going to Thyme Garden for Mother's Day.
Monday 13
Dev Shoemaker came over and hung out with us in the afternoon.  In the morning Liz came over to have a cup of tea and some winter squash.  Afterwards I walked her back to Kathy Miller's house.  Late in the day I planted the thyme and mint we bought yesterday at Thyme garden in the north west corner of the back yard.
Tuesday 14
Went with Liz out to the Radio Tower and control room for KOAC AM 550. 
Wednesday 15
I arrive at Pedro's house at 9:30AM and we do his filter, then he comes to our house and we do our Reverse Osmosis filter.  Then we go to his rental house and I dig a hole in the ground for his plant.  We then go to lunch at Planet Hollywood and I have the comfort bowl.  Today was a cloudy, sprinkly rainy day.  Liz leaves Friendly's house in the morning and flys to Nevada.
Thursday 16
Hb and I went to Albany for a nice late lunch at our favorite Mexican restaurant there.  Prior I bought 2 new pair of glasses at Costco.  It was my first time ever getting computer / reading glasses.  Afterwards we walked downtown at the Merry Go Round.  We love that building.  We walked over to Gary and Linda House's house.  It was a cloudy day, but the rain held off.  In the evening we did a nice walk over to the wetlands at WL.
Friday 17
Salmon bake with Patrick and Izzy.  Patrick picked us up at 11:30AM and we parked near the university and walked to the long house.  Towards the end of the lunch Paul Catullo showed up and we hung out with him for awhile.  It was nice to see him as this is the second time we have gotten together at this annual event.  Afterwards we walked over to the Engineering Fair and saw the local students and their annual projects.  We took the bus home and sat next to Jesse, Jason and Shannon's daughter on the bus.  We get to know their kids via the bus.  Her sister Abbey is getting married this summer July 13 and tonight was going to be the wedding shower.  Late in the day Hb went for a walk with Renee in the park.
Saturday 18
Hb and I went to the Farmer's Market.  It was a beautiful sunny Saturday morning with just a hint of cool breeze.  By the time we left the market and headed over to the COOP for lunch a rain storm moved in.  We did the grocery shopping circuit and then headed home.  I bought a chair for $34 bucks down from 68 and then down from 1xx at the furniture store that went out of business where we bought a bunch of our used furniture stuff and dressers etc.
Sunday 19
Party at Scott and Kathleen's house.  It was a lovely, cloudy but not too cool afternoon.  Scott said it would have been nice if there was a bit more sun, but hanging out in the garden could not have been nicer.  I talked to the wine guy Jerry who gave me the low down on wine, Corvallis, and life in general.  Corvallis Spring Roll with Lee Welch on traffic, met Ben Roberts from the Bike Collective.
Monday 20
Meeting with Nick, Iris, Larry, David and Dad at 11:30AM.  Afterwards Hb and I went over to Bina's for a tour and to pick up a plant.  Since I missed Harry's yesterday, Bina wanted to get it to me.  So she called, and Hb and I went over there.  Afterwards we drove out to Inavale Farm and walked up to the top of the hill.  Upon coming home I cut the side lawn and then hung out with Steve and wrapped about western Pa.  He gave us a nice bag of greens.
Tuesday 21
Phoenix stopped by in the afternoon to check in, then Hb and I walked into the park and then over to the Tuesday market for the first time.  It rained there, but was still nice.  We had a nice time and I bought a rosemary plant.  When I got home I planted it along with some other fun yard work.
Wednesday 22
I sent KP an email at 2 in the morning and a triage nurse called me around 10am and we set up an appt for this afternoon at 4:20PM at Skyline.  Hb got home from Yoga and we drove to Salem the back way and stopped by Minto Brown Park first for an hour walk.  Then we went to our COOP for lunch, LifeSource is the real name and then over to the doctor.  Sheila Jhansale was excellent.  I arrived and she had ordered up an EKG for me.  They did that first and then I saw her.  She was marvelous and I got a great report, I would definitely go see her again.  Afterwards we stopped by Costco to pick up my glasses.  I got computer glasses and regular glasses.
Thursday 23
Pedro called me and I went over to his house to help him bike pump out his RO water tank.  We got it working and re-pressurized the tank to 7.5lb.  We hung out at Jan and Boyd's house and he showed us his new custom built outhouse for their land in the coast range.
Friday 24
Hb and I went to the Dizzy Hen for a nice late breakfast / early lunch.  Afterwards we went over to the Vitamin Cottage and I bought some CoQ10 and L-Lysine for the first time as a supplement.  It was recommended to me by John Zeuli.  Murray Gell-Mann (mgm) died today at age 89.
Saturday 25
Hb and I went for a big walk around WL and back home through the park.  Just after we got home it started raining.  I had some lunch and then took a shower and did some work.  Peggy arrived at 4:30PM and Hb and her went to a Cocau event.  I went to bed around 8PM and got up the next morning.
Sunday 26
Got up this morning at around 9:30PM.  So I got a lot of good sleep.  Peggy spent the night and left around 8AM.  Hb and I went over to the cemetery and helped Phoenix.  I put up the flags for Mem Day and Hb dusted off the gravestones from the grass.  Afterwards we stopped by Winco for some gluten free bread and then went home and did yard work, cut the grass, and then I went back over to town pump to buy more gas for the mower.  So we have gas for the next number of weeks.  Spoke to Nick about going to high school.  He is currently without a school to attend and we think Jason has a new school for him to attend.  We had a nice talk.  I had not spoken to him in awhile so it was good catching up with him.
Monday 27
A mellow Mem Day at home.  I had a nice long talk with John Zeuli and we talked more about supplements.  Got Dad up and running with YouTube videos of his exercise class with Lauren. In the afternoon Dev came over after she and Hb went for a walk.  Day 1 of harvesting scapes.  Also, got some starts in the ground and potted some other starts for round 2.  This is quite the experiment.
Tuesday 28
Tuesday market.  Hung out with Ken, and learned Talus's name.  Sounds like the hebrew prayer shawl which is spelled tallis.  It was a nice night and I bought some plants.  Hb ate a burrito and I had some.  First time seeing Will since I got back.
Wednesday 29
More work on harvesting scapes.  Short talk with Jim Sigman.  He is getting a CAT scan for his throat.  He wasn't talking well, too bad.  Hb went to a yoga movie, and I planted some tomatoes, basil, and a lavender plant I bought last night at the Tuesday market.
Thursday 30
Phoenix came over around 11AM and we went for a walk over to the park.  That Patrick and Mindy stopped by early afternoon and we hung out in the garage and drank margaritas.  From there we went over to Jan and Boyd's and hung for a bit, and then Jan went for a walk with us around the block.  A good day was had by all.
Friday 31
Hb and I had lunch at the COOP and then went over to Avery Park and hung out in a new spot down by the Mary's River.  There were a few folks there from OSU, and then we walked more around the park.  It was the first really, HOT, day in Corvallis of the summer, and I had on a T-shirt and was plenty warm.


June 2019


Saturday 01
Farmer's market at the usual time followed by buying a chair for the dining room.  I got a real nice chair for $40, the same place we bought the other chair for my room a few weeks back.  The furniture store where we bought our other dressers and side tables for our beds etc is going out of business and so they are selling everything.  Only open on Saturday, so we have been stopping by there after the Farmer's market and seeing what they have left.  At 6PM Peter picked us up and we went to Ildi's for her house warming party.  It was a gorgeous evening.  I met her ex-husband who seemed to be a really cool guy.  He does long bike trips with his son, and I believe is a chemist at HP.
Sunday 02
Spoke to Liz in the morning and Mike and Kerstin got back home last evening.  They sold their place in Costa Rica and have been away from home since Nov 01.  It was great to see them back home.  In the afternoon we did the tipi raising with Leon, Renee, Ildi, Susan, Jaffer, Bruce, Leslie, Genavive, Dev.  It was smooth, and we got it done before dark.  We walked home with Ildi who took her bike home.
Monday 03
First time having a reading with Marie Towey.  Afterwards I did the shopping circuit and bought some Vitamin C at VC.
Tuesday 04
Tuesday market, followed by long talk with Bruce down on Xigam land.  In the evening we planted some plants from Jan.  Starting to research our trip to Canada.
Wednesday 05
Heat pump installation guys show up at 8:30AM.  We cleaned out the garage earlier and they did the install.  Afterwards we put everything back.  I went over to Robnetts to return the electrical box and stopped by the COOP for a cop of rice and some millet.
Thursday 06
Sean from Hendrix Heating stopped by at 10AM to give out exit interview on the heat pump.  Afterwards we went over to OSU for lunch and ate at Nearly Norml.  Afterwards we went to TJ's and VC.  At 5PM we went to the annual southtown festival at the new redevelopment property at the old stock auction yards.  We hung out with Naj, Ken, Anya and Amy.  It was a sunny chilly evening, but comfortable.
Friday 07
Mark the electrician arrived around 11AM and finished up the electrical job.  He was not happy at first to be here, but by the time he left he was more cheery and my $20 tip rounded off a good job.  Cooper's graduation party at 5PM.  I talked to Mindy's Dad and Mom, and met her Mom's husband.  Cooper's Dad's parents were there too.  I also met Eli Melchor, Cooper's friend since he was 2.  He is interested in CS.  It was a chilly evening, and I had on my hat.  At dusk I went over to Pedro's to watch the Toronto Raptors beat the Warriors.  It is great to see the Warriors getting crushed after such domination for so many years.  Kevin Durant, their star player is injured adding insult to injury.
Saturday 08
Farmer's market followed by the library where I got a bunch of New Yorker's.  In the afternoon I cut the side lawn and the back yard.  It was a nice day, sunny and slightly breezy.
Sunday 09
Hb and I went for a nice hike at the McDonald Forest and did our usual 36 loop which we love.  We sat on the vista bench overlooking the big old growth tree and the view of the valley below and were happy to bask in the warm air of early summer in the mountains.
Monday 10
Phoenix came over early, and then the city inspector Sean Johnson showed up to give us the thumbs up.  Hb and I went for a walk around the block and we met Joe's brother Dan from Pittsburgh, and Joe and Mark were sitting under the big trees at Mark's house.  I had a nice talk with Jim Sigman mid afternoon.  In the evening Hb and I went for our first bike ride of the summer.
Tuesday 11
Tuesday market loop prior to the market.  Hung out with Ken, had a nice talk with Renee and walked home part way with Tal who I had not seen or spoken to since my return from Pittsburgh.
Wednesday 12
Patrick and Mindy came over in the afternoon, hung out, checked out the new AC unit / heat pump.  Earlier in the day I went through the whole garage and got out all of the camping gear.
Thursday 13
Boyd's 78th birthday.  Jan came over at 10AM and we showed her around watering.  Then I went over to her house and she showed me where her key is at.  I did a lot of packing today for our trip.  Talked to Johng early, he got backed into by a car at a 7-eleven in Sedona, the driver never knew he hit him.  Wow.  In the late afternoon I started pulling the cut grass from the north field into the hugel culture that I am working on at the edge of the north field.
Friday 14
Pack in the morning.  Hb and I went for a long walk in the park in the afternoon.  Its tradition to almost always go for a big walk the day prior to departure.  We sat down on the boat ramp and watched some boats come and go.  The weather was perfect, not too hot, but just right.  In the evening I hung outside and played around the yard.  I love summer time evenings, there is something magical about the time in the yard.


Start of Canada journey 2019


Saturday 15
Left the house at 10AM and hit our normal pit stop just before crossing the Wilamette south of Portland.  From there we hit a really nice Taqueria in Gresham and bought a bunch of rice and beans and fresh tortillas.  Yummy.  Then it was a long drive to Hermiston but we love our place the Oxford Suites.  We had a nice mellow dinner of soup and salad and then afterwards headed out to the National Wildlife Refuge and stayed there till sunset.  Hb got a good chunk of sage as the dry eastern oregon climate is perfect for its growing.  A good day was had by all, and it was a great start to our summer vacation.  As the sun set the full moon was rising.
Sunday 16
After a nice breakfast at the hotel we headed east to Pasco and stopped by the Sacajawea State Park.  From there we went across the river to Kennewick and walked along the Columbia River.  I had a nice talk with Munchies and we went through all of the months, and then spoke to Dad who was showing his place for the first time to a doctor Larry knows.  We had a nice lunch at Thai Elephant.  Its the best Thai food I have had in the PNW.  We drove back home on Hwy 82 for the first time.  Tonight was the potluck at Coho sponsored by Linda Edwards.
Monday 17
Up at 4am checking out the route to Canada.  We had breakfast at 6:30am and then drove to Walla Walla and drove around the town.  From there we headed on the following route: Waitsburg, Dayton, Hwy 127 to Dusty, Colfax, and then north into Spokane.  From there we headed north on 395 to Colville where we are spending the night. 
Tuesday 18
Up real early again and had some breakfast in the lobby of our hotel called Benny's.  From there we drove north to the border and crossed over into Canada before 8:30AM.  We hung out just before Canada and the town of Northport at China Crossing.  After crossing into Canada we walked around the town of Rossland and then a suspension bridge north of there.  Our drive to Nelson was fast and we were there before 10AM.  We had a nice Indian food buffet at 11AM after walking around the town for a bit.  After lunch Hb found us a place to stay at the Prestige Hotel walking distance to town.  Its a lovely spot just up from the river and a nice park.  We love it here.  Its a great town.  The weather is HOT, and we are happy.  We took naps in the afternoon and then walked into town in the early evening.  We walked up some steep side streets.  We hit the visitor center just before it closed at 5:30PM.  Came back to our place and then walked along the water and the park and the teenagers were playing soccer.  This town is lovely surrounded by big mountains.
Wednesday 19
Breakfast at the hotel resort, then drove up to Kaslo.  Its about an hour up there.  We hit a massive wind storm on the beach, like we have never seen before.  We checked out Beach Gables on the water and it was lovely.  We spoke with Barbara Dobroski for about 10 minutes.  She is very nice and it would be a nice place to stay for 2 nights.  Kaslo is tiny, but Johng liked it.  We came back home and went out to eat at the burrito shop that has bowls.  It got nice towards the end of the day.  The weather today was typical with clouds, sun.  When the sun is shining its hot outside.
Thursday 20
We got a free day, stay 3 get the 4th one free early in the morning.  Had breakfast at the hotel, then drove over to Salmo and Fruitvale.  We had some lunch in the grocery store parking lot, and then went on a long hike up a snowmobile road.  It was lovely and along a river.  It never rained the whole trip.  Drove home to sun, and had a nice dinner at the burrito place for the 2nd night.  We drove up to the top of the hill for the 1st time and briefly walked into the cemetery.  At the end of the day, in the parking lot of our hotel, I gave 2 local homeless guys 5 bucks.
Friday 21
I went over and got 5 orders of potatoes.  Came back and Hb and I went over to the COOP for breakfast.  At the hotel I met a man who was born in Chile and moved to Canada as a political exile probably around the time of Pinochet.  He was a local, native Chilean and probably felt at home here in BC.  Hb and I went to the museum and afterwards Hb purchased a saphire ring.  We walked around town more and I got a bowl of beans and Hb got a kale salad at our cookie store.  I also bought a gluten free bread there as well.
Saturday 22
We got up early, as per usual.  By 5AM it is totally light outside.  We had an early breakfast and was on the road by 9:30AM.  We stopped along the way at a nice Farmer's Market in Slocan.  We talked to a guy at the Farmer's market who moved out here when he was 9 with his parents.  Nakusp is a very cute, nice small town on the water with a nice lake walk.  We had a yummy early dinner of 2 salads at the pizza place in town.  We also met Debra who owns Casa Mandala Guest House.  On the way into town we found a nice B & B called Brouse Creek.  When we first arrived here we went to our 2nd Farmer's Market of the day.  In the evening we met a couple from Edmondton who have 7 children and we born and raised in Holland.  His great grandfather died in France during the uprising.  They were of Jewish descent and he told me stories of the war II, and family members that perished.  They were a very interesting couple and he had a United umbrella.
Sunday 23
Up early and had breakfast across the street.  I had a side of potatoes and Hb had Eggs Benedict.  From there we headed out of town and hit the ferry.  We love riding on ferries, and the weather was perfect, no rain.  We got off the ferry and immediately hit the park right past the ferry.  We sat there from the time the ferry left, crossed back to where we started and returned and dropped off all of the cars.  It was about one hour.  The sun came out, and we sat on the beach over looking heaven, paradise, shear beauty.  Wow, it was the highlight moment of the trip.  We got to Revelstoke and checked into the Revelstoke Lodge.  We had a nice lunch at the Main Street Cafe.  They were just about to close at 2:50PM, and we got in.  We both had very nice lunches.  On the way back it was raining.  We sat in the room for about 30 minutes and it cleared up.  We then went on a walk completely around the town.  We looped around the whole park which hugged both rivers and then headed back into town.  The walk was perfect.  We were home by about 7PM, and Revelstoke is about as nice as it could be.  The evening was lovely.
Monday 24
Up early, and a very nice breakfast at La Baguette.  Wow, I had a gluten free granola muffin with a side of yogurt and fruit.  Afterwards we headed over to the ski hill.  Its a BIG mountain.  We then checked out a bit more of Revelstoke and then headed west to Salmon Arm.  We stopped at a fruit stand and dairy along the way for a bit, and then had a nice lunch at the pie shop in Salmon Arm.  Afterwards we met a nice lady who was spiritual and Michele and she connected.  We had a nice talk.  It rained for awhile, we changed rooms because of a shrieking sound from water or the elevator running and by that time the sun started to come out.  We walked along the bay behind the hotel.  There was a dock and we walked out on it, and we walked along a nature trail on the wetlands and marshes of the lake.  It was a moving beautiful view of this part of Canada.
Tuesday 25
Got up at 7:30am and went to breakfast at the pie shop.  We had lunch there yesterday tambien.  Afterwards Hb got her hair cut and I went for a walk out to the end of the dock.  Came back to the room and Hb was back and she started packing.  I did another walk out to the dock.  We started heading south and passed through Vernon, and the big cities to the south of it.  This was the worst driving day of the trip for sure.  The drive from Salmon Arm along the Salmon river to Vernon was lovely, but from there until we almost arrived in Oliver where we spent the night wasn't great.  It was all built up from Vernon almost to the US border.  We will not be going that way again.  Next time just head south along the border road if you come up via Yakima area.  Or head over to Walla Walla and go through Spokane.  We do not ever need to do the drive we did today again.  The weather was nice and pretty hot, and no rain all day.  We arrived in Oliver and we are staying at the Cactus Tree Inn.  We had a very nice dinner just up the street of a half of chicken, some vegetables, and a nice house salad.  Its all getting busy for the big Canada Day weekend coming up in a couple of days.  We will be heading back into the states just in time.  Next time you come up to Canada make sure to go back home by this time or a few days earlier.
Wednesday 26
Up at around 3am and left our hotel at around 5am or so.  It was very light when we left.  The customs guy at the US Border went through our backpacks in the back seat by opening the door and sniffing around.  We had a mellow drive home with no big deals.  We went through Yakima, then south on 97 to 84.  We had a nice Thai meal in Yakima downtown, yummy.  Our only real snag was at the I205 / I5 interchange.  Next time I know how to go around.  The shuttle person on my way back from Pittsburgh showed me the way, and after seeing the traffic at that intersection I know what to do next time.
Thursday 27
Hb and I did a shopping circuit for food and to pick up our mail.  It rained all day.  I spoke to different folks and learned that this was the first day of rain since we left.  I bought a tomato plant at the COOP.  In the late afternoon I had a long talk with Mindy about Cooper and having her cosign on an expensive auto for him.  Hb went out with Reenie and Dev in the evening to hang out at Dev's house and I stayed at home.  The electricity had been out for most of the late afternoon and did not come home till about 8PM.
Friday 28
Went to the post office with Hb and dropped off the form for Nick Holland.  We hung out downtown for awhile at the fountain and watched the kids play.  There was a 5 year old girl there who will be 6 on July 12, Scott's birthday.  She was able to jump from rock to rock like a balerina and I applauded her moves as she danced on the rocks.  Her father sat in the background on his cell phone and was pretty oblivious to her joy at the fountain.  I cut the grass, mainly danelions in anticipation of burning the rest of the gas out of the engine so we could dump out the old oil which we did around 6.  Mindy stopped by for awhile and hung out with us.  Patrick is coming back from Halfway with the kids in a few more days.  Mindy is enjoying her staycation which she and Patrick coined a few weeks back to describe her blissful time by herself.
Saturday 29
Went out to Inavale Farm with Ken.  Afterwards we walked around the property then headed over to Jude's pond for the remainder of the afternoon.  The weather was perfect, the company was warm and a good time was had by all.
Sunday 30
Over to the cemetery to work with Phoenix.  Phoenix left and I hung out with Gene for awhile and we walked around the cemetery and he showed me where he wanted to be buried, and also we went over some trees.  It was my first time hanging out with him and he is a cool guy.  He owns a 26 acre property up in Washington State and I told him I was up that way a few days ago.  He and Susan are buying a house and moving to Albany in the next amount of time.  Afterwards I went to Winco and then bought some gas at town pump.  Came home and made some dinner for Hb and I and then we went for a walk around the block.  We hung out at Coho for awhile.  Came back and spoke to Jan and Body for awhle at their summer cocktail hour.  It was a beautiful evening.




July 2019


Monday 01
Mellow, cloudy day at home.  In the afternoon Hb and I walked over to Naj's house as Hb was going out with her to the Buddhist temple.  I then proceeded into the park for a walk around the block.
Tuesday 02
Cloudy all day until evening.  Hb and I went for a walk around WL.  I went to the Tuesday market about 5:30PM and then hit the Odd Fellows meeting.  Dan updated me on the Holgate center and the failure to pay Payroll Taxes and I spoke to Bonnie about revenue income of 120K per year plus new process for hiring someone to work for Oddfellows.  Rachel is moving on as she has found a new job.
Wednesday 03
Long talk with Iris at 6am re: Waddell and Reed.  Picked up Phoenix at 9:30 and was at OddFellows at 10am for the meeting regarding hiring a new building manager.  After 9 years Rachel is leaving for a new job.  Afterwards Phoenix and I went to the Farmer's Market.  Hb and I went for a walk over to 99 and then back up Lilly late afternoon.  This week before July 4th has been mellow in Corvallis.  Its the first time I have noticed how quiet and mellow it is in the summer here.  I spoke to Ken Vanderhe last evening at dusk and told him how I noticed his point about the summer time being more quiet than the winter due to the leaves on the trees.
Thursday 04
I met Justin Talbert for the first time today at the July 4th festival downtown.  He is the director of ssyo.  We listened to a whole set of the Regrettis.   Pedro came over earlier in the day and we hung outside for awhile.  It was our first time seeing him since we returned from Canada.  In the evening we went to Brynn and Richard's home for their annual 4th of July pie party.  I hung out mainly with Jerry and Hester.  Jerry gave me a tour of his backyard and his house.  Hester is going to Spain in January.  Her father was a shipbuilder in Majorca Spain when she was younger.
Friday 05
Up at 5am.  Left the house at 7am, and took Hb down to the Eugene airport.  Afterwards I bought gas at Safeway, then did the grocery shopping circuit.  I sent Beegee an email and talked to Hb.  She lost her bag so it coming in late tonight into ABQ.
Saturday 06
Farmer's market followed by a party and Dave and Judy's, friends of Coho.  There were a bunch of Coho people there but I talked to this guy named Paul and Mary Beth.  The food was yummy.  Lots of freshly picked blue berries, salads.  I brought a watermellon fruit salad with bananas and apples.  The weather was cool and cloudy and I had on a few T-shits and a long sleeve shirt.  At the end of the party I put on my green jacket.  I got home and was pooped.  I took a shower and went to bed early.
Sunday 07
Bruce had emailed me yesterday about getting together for lunch one day, so I emailed him and we got together today.  We met at the COOP at 1:30PM and I had my scoop of rice and salad.  I am really getting into the rice and lettuce.  Bruce told me alot about understanding quantum computing.  We met for 2 hours and then I went home and went for a jog in the park.  Its been awhile since I attempted to jog.  I sat on the dock for several hours and spoke to Ian who was fishing.  Some yamaha wave runners showed up, its like a jet ski.  Also the sherrif was tooling around in their boat.  So there is alot of action down on the dock.  Got home about 7PM.
Monday 08
In the evening I started harvesting the garlic, day 1.  Earlier in the day Phoenix stopped by and we spoke for a long while outside.  Then soon thereafter Patrick stopped by and we talked for a long time as well inside.  I had not had a good long talk with Patrick in awhile; so we enjoyed hanging out with each other.  He was in Halfway a few weeks back and it looks like he and Mindy are leaning towards selling their home in Halfway.
Tuesday 09
Rained most of the afternoon.  Great Tuesday market in the rain.  Had a long talk with Jim from Coho.  He sat there and ate his burrito and he talked to me.  I love rain in July :)
Wednesday 10
Started the day off with a long talk with Joel Olson.  Its been years since Joel and I spoke.  Possibly even prior to my return home from Argentina, no clue.  I saw him on LinkedIn a few days back and so we reconnected.  I went over to Winco to buy my regular items and stopped by TJ's as well.  I went to the COOP to pick up some boxes for the upcoming garlic harvest.  In the evening I went for a walk around the block and had a nice chat with Ken Vanderhe.  It was the 2nd time in a couple of weeks that we have had a nice talk.  He is a good guy and I enjoy our conversations.
Thursday 11
Day 2 of harvesting garlic.  Day 1 was the day or 2 before the rain a few days back.  In the evening I hung out with Patrick and Mindy and went for a short walk around the block with Juniper.
Friday 12
Patrick stopped by with some computer questions and I went back to his house to talk for a bit.  Went over to OSU for an art show at 2PM and then walked around campus for awhile.  I hung out at the library for a couple of hours reading a book about Don Quioxote and then walked over to the bus south of Jefferson. Sara Kellogg, the artist at 929 SE Bethel was at the stop too.  So I talked to her and then walked home with her down Alexander.  She is very cool.  Came home and did some watering in the back yard.
Saturday 13
First off the bat I watered at Jan's house.  Got home and Pedro showed up and we hung out till 1:30PM.  Then I swung by the bank to deposit my 800 bucks I got as a rebate for buying my heat pump.  Then over to Big5 to buy my final 2 pair of shoes.  I was only planning on buying one pair, but another similar shoe of mine was also on sale for 20, so I bought 2 pair.  I will not need to buy any shoes, at all for at least another 2 or 3 years.  So we are good with shoes.  In the late afternoon I finished harvesting most of the garlic.  I am one more round to complete but should not take too much longer.  The baby plum trees are very full this year.  They are huge bunches up in the trees way high up.  Very, very yummy for those types of plums.
Sunday 14
Drove out to the Roaring River park, our usual spot.  It was interesting.  I drove to the end of the road past the park and parked my car.  Cars started coming out and eventually Tommy told me I could go in and find out about the land for sale.  It was there that I met Barb, her husbands name is Phil.  Any way, there was a huge family reunion and every one was packing up to leave and go home.  She gave me her number: 503 394 2492, and said that if I wanted to come back and rent a place to camp for a night or two that it would work.  From there I stopped by the park for awhile and then started driving to Lacomb when I ran into the blueberry place.  I stopped and picked some blueberries.  Then I went into Lebanon to Walmart to pick up some gallon freezer bags.  I drove home by way of Airport Rd, and then 7 mile Ln to hwy 34.  It was a gorgeous full day, and the temps were perfect.
Monday 15
It rained this morning.  This has been the best summer weather we have had since we moved to Corvallis the summer of 2013.  And the 2 week forecast is for no hot weather to speak of.  Phoenix came over before lunch time and we hung out for awhile.  He went to the Country Fair yesterday with Naj and Ken Williams.  Later in the day Patrick stopped by.  He bought a Chromebook based on my suggestion for under $200 with 4 meg of memory.  He and Mindy and the kids left for halfway just before dark.  They were going to take I84 the whole way.  I finished harvesting the garlic and then went for 2 walks around the block.  Ken V stopped by at dusk with a computer question about firewire on the mac.
Tuesday 16
Phoenix came over late in the afternoon and then I walked over to his place before the market and we walked into the park.  I saw Cedar coming back up the hill.  The market was lovely.  I met Lenore who lives on Kiger Island and was flooded in for 8 days.  She was born and raised there.
Wednesday 17
Will and I hung out at the art opening at lasells.  we shut the place down and then went for a short walk around the university.  i came home and walked over and ate 15 plums at my new favorite plum tree on thompson, just south of marion.
Thursday 18
Hooked up with Johng today at 11:30AM at Renee's house.  I brought him over the amp which I stored in our garage since when he took off in late December / early January.  Phoenix carried it into Renee's house.  I was with Johng till 2PM and got home and the letter from Iris arrived in the mailbox.  It was supposed to come last Saturday.  On my way to Beatrice's studio I stopped by the PO and mailed off the WR form from Dad.  I met Jim Kline at Beatrice's and we talked for over an hour and then I swung by Fred Amos's studio for a final night cap.  A good time was had by all.  I came home and watered the front yard and then went over to Thompson and ate my 15 red plum allottment.  I love late July in Corvallis.
Friday 19
Great talk in the evening on the Grand Canyon by a guy who did 140 trips in the canyon.  Earlier in the day Pedro and I went out to lunch at the Dizzy Hen and we had "mama's meatballs", and wow was it good.  We had fun at the restaurant and fun afterwards back at the house.  We also picked up the ladder at Peter's house as well.
Saturday 20
Phoenix stopped by in the morning and we are going to Dallas next sunday.  Hung out at the Farmer's market with Ethan who was just in a bad car crash, he is doing better, and bina, this was her first week at the market.  I manned her booth for a bit while she went over to bread board.  also, sat at the fountain for awhile and talked to ken.  afterwards I swung by trader joes, winco, and the vitamin cottage.  came home and chilled out for the rest of the day.
Sunday 21
David Mayfield arrived at 9:30am and we went for a walk into the park.  We watched the mud bogs and then the journey into the water for Divinci Days.  Ildi was there so we hung out with her and her neighbors.  David and I had lunch at the coop and then I came home and took a very brief nap.  Back downtown to the park for the hours summer festival.  I had a nice chat with Claude and her daughter from France, Sole who just got back from the Country Fair, Delbert told me all about Charles Gray from Eugene, and finally with Michael and Cheryl.  Then I headed over to Bina's for our potluck.  Zach Thomson showed up for the first time with his mom Robin.  They stayed till the end and we cleaned up and loaded up Bina's van with the tables and chairs.  As the sun set in the west, a lovely day was had by all.  We are turning the corner on summer and heading into a long, hopefully peaceful descent into the autumn time of year.
Monday 22
Mellow day.  In the evening I started working on trimming the tree in the back yard that was beginning to hang over the house and Jay and Sarah's fence.  More work to be done on that.  Patrick and Mindy got back from halfway and he came over and we talked for a good long while in the garage.
Tuesday 23
Left the house at 5:15am for a walk around the park, was home by 6:20am.  Tuesday market where I met Ahmed, Zara, Juliet, and Diana Castillo's sister Ilsa.  Also, Isabel is an eighth grader from Paraguay.  I bought 3 zuchs from Cheryl and Michael.
Wednesday 24
Massive trimming in the back yard on trees in the corner.  Went over to Jay and Sarah's side and did my annual trimming back.  At dusk I went over and got a bunch of wild plums on Thompson.
Thursday 25
Great day at OSU.  Started out watching an ultimate game.  It was summer camp for kids 13 - 18 from all over the west coast.  They were playing on the other side of 30th next to the new Forestry Building.  Afterwards I went over to the library and spent the afternoon reading about the history of Spain during the time of Don Quixote, fascinating.  Walked downtown and caught the 4:25 bus home.  In the evening I cleaned up the mess I made last night in doing the tree trimming on the west side of the property on Jay and Sarah's fence line.  I moved all of the branches et al over to the new hugel culture area on the north east side of the property.  It was warm, lovely summer evening.
Friday 26
An interesting to day to say the least.  First off Jan came over in the morning and we hung out for awhile; I had not spoken to her since her return voyage from Waldport with her family for her son's celebration of his wedding last year.  Sent off an email to Laura Kiernan only to discover that Robert at ubnt was no longer doing any type of IR and learned she is no longer on staff but a paid consultant to only handle compliance related matters.  No more investor days, earnings calls, etc.  Sent off an email to Kristen Jackson at Grant Street with an initial introduction and how to move forward letter post my Dad's gift to Iris and I.  In the evening I hung out with Patrick, Mindy, Jan and Boyd at their house just before dusk.  I also mowed the lawn for the first time post changing my oil.
Saturday 27
Went to the farmer's market after hanging out with Dev in the morning.  She stopped by to check in and see how I was doing.  Talked to Bina for awhile at the market and Ken sat on the curb next to her.  Came home and did a bunch of cooking and Ken came over around 4PM.  We went for a walk in the park around 7pm and saw Phoenix on the walk home going to pick berries at Oatmar's.  It was a gorgeous, perfect weather, late July evening.  Muy bien.
Sunday 28
Super fantastic day.  I picked up Phoenix at 9am and we got to the Dallas park around 10.  We walked around a bit and then I went for a walk at 11 until 12:30pm while Phoenix performed.  Afterwards we shared a nice lunch at the picnic table at the car and then walked around the car show.  It was really nice and I spoke to the Les Schwab manager from Dallas.  It was their last year doing the big truck.  I told him how great of a company they had.  Afterwards we went over to Andrea's to pick blueberries.  Tal and Miriam were there.  Then I went home and Mayan drove us over to the Coop pool party.  Jo went with us too, tomorrow July 29 is her 65th birthday.  We hung out with Dan, Ken, Jo, Linda Edwards and a new woman we met by the name of Marcy.  It was interesting interacting with Dan.  Its the 2nd time I have spent time with him since his stroke and he appeared to understand Tai Chi.
Monday 29
Basketball with Patrick, Mindy and Izzy in the evening.  Earlier in the day I wrote another email to Kristen Jackson.
Tuesday 30
Pedro came over in the morning and we hung out till about 1pm or so.  Tuesday market and walked with Dan back to his place.  Briefly spoke with Amy.  Had a nice chat with Ildi's son Miko and Ildi.  Also finally have John's name down.  He is the one with the younger twins.
Wednesday 31
Early morning walk in the park.  Did 2 laps back and forth in the park.  I saw Sawyer's mom Lisa walking past me and I spoke to her briefly.  Also saw Linda who sells her books at the Farmer's Market.  She was on her bike with her puppy in the back seat.  She is very nice.


August 2019


Thursday 01
Left the house before 9 and got to the Dizzy just after 9.  I walked around the Dizzy for a bit and then David and I headed out to Beazel for a walk in the park.  We talked for awhile and then noted our blabbering and then we took in the silence.  We had a nice lunch at the mexican restaurant adjacent to the gas station called cruzero.  It was yummy and their tortillas were a quarter a piece with some nice hot salsa.  Afterwards I went to refill my phone at tmobile, shop at winco, and then swing by tj's.  I came and we got hb a ticket to fly back home this monday august 5 into eugene.  three hour phone conversation with nick skezas post 40th reunion, followed by scott and kathy's house at 10pm for a night blooming cereus gathering.  I was the only one to show up.
Friday 02
Early morning talk with Lauren from ubnt followed by early morning walk through WL.  Later in the day I sent Kristen a response and then we went to OddFellows for a pizza dinner in honor of our new employee and Rachel taking a new job.  I did all of the dishes after dinner.  Finished off the day with bball at Izzy's house.
Saturday 03
Luckimute, Santiam Confluence with Phoenix, Naj and Mayan.  Excellent day on the river and we brought lunch, lovely.  Got home around 4PM and went over to Jo's for her bday potluck.  Joan Apples was there along with Bina and Naj came late after a nice long nap.  Jo's two boys were there, it was a nice potluck.  It was my first time in her backyard.  I got to pick some plums.  She has a new boy cow which she got from OSU.  It was a nice hot day, but not too hot.
Sunday 04
A day of garlic and house cleaning.  I got most of the garlic tucked away.  One or two more rounds and we should be good to go.  Bball with Mindy, Patrick, and Izzy at dusk.
Monday 05
Early morning walk.  At 11am I went to pick up Hb in Eugene.  Its 45 minutes down there.  We came back home and had lunch at the coop.  Hb took a big nap and I woke her at 4:45pm and we went to OSU for a talk on clean water.  The reception was at 5:30 and the talk was at 6:30.  It was a warm day but the evenings are cool.
Tuesday 06
Caught the 7am bus to osu for the clean water conference.  The conference breakfast started at 8am so I got to walk around campus early in the morning on a beautiful summer day.  Life is good and we were happy being there.  Hb showed up around 8:15am and we had a nice conference.  Lunch was yummy.  It was great spinach greens, pulled pork, and pulled chicken, guacamole and winter squash and gf cookies.  We loved it.  Got home around 3pm and then went to the Tuesday market.  We hung out with Mark while he played the flute and bought some cucumbers from Linda Edwards and then went home.  We played some bball with Patrick, Mindy, Boyd, and Hb.  It was Hbs first time out on the court and she was rocking some shots in.
Wednesday 07
Clouds most of the day followed by sun in the late afternoon.  It was our first really cool day in awhile.  Hb and I walked over to Renee's land and then into the park.  Hb and I walked back home and then she went to the dancing party.  I cleaned up some stuff in the yard.
Thursday 08
Started the day off at Key Bank where I shut down the account I opened on Jan 25 and got 400.  It is now over 6 months later, my life has moved forward, my mom died, I had heart palpitations, and I listened to the logical song by supertramp.  I did some food shopping, and phoenix was over when I got home.  We went over to Kathy Miller's house and ate some figs.  In the evening we went to the 8/8 party at cheryl and michael's house and I hung out with Joe.
Friday 09
Went out to Andrea's to pick blue berries.  Afterwards we had a nice lunch at Cruzero.  It was Hb's first time there and my 2nd time there.  David Mayfield turned me on to the place a week or two ago after our hike.  In the evening we went for a walk around the block.  Jason gave Hb 2 cookies they just made.  His daughter Quincy is going to Europe in a month.
Saturday 10
Farmer's market with Dev and Will, it was our first time getting together with them at the Fm and their first time there ever.  Will bought a new fold up bike.  In the evening I did some blackberry maintenance in the cave.  It was cloudy all day until around sunset.
Sunday 11
Hb and I had breakfast at the Dizzy Hen and then we hiked up to Mary's Peak starting at the end of Woods Creek Road trailhead.  We walked 3 miles up and 3 miles back and we got just to the point towards the top of the hill where we were able to hear the road somewhere down in the valley ?  We saw some bikers along the way but no hikers.  It was an absolutely gorgeous summer day and the car temp said 67 on the way home.  It was partly cloudy and partly sunny but not full blast sun or clouds socked in.  It was very pleasant.  Dev came over after we got home and gave us a really nice dessert of berry cobbler crisp with home made whipped cream.  Dad got back from Chataqua and had a great week with Marsha.  He went to Joe Kanfer's house, the founder of Purell fame.  Dad had a great trip.  Looks like he may sell his house prior to signing realtor paperwork.
Monday 12 
Lunch with Johng at the COOP.  We hung out till 3:30pm.  In the evening I cleaned up some more black berries and stuffed them into the yard waste bin.  It was a warm night and Hb and I went for a walk around the block at dusk.
Tuesday 13
Tuesday market, hung out with Phoenix on the bench.  Afterwards went for a walk through the bottom land and around.
Wednesday 14
Great full moon rising at Xigamland and Kathy Miller's 60th birthday.  The whole gang was there and Kathy's plums, and Brenda's plum pie, and Naj's banana cream rocked the house down.  The temp was perfect, Jaffer had some glorious insight about the purpose of life is to not have a purpose but just be, and Shari Ame said "cinco minutos, cada dia, con amor"
Thursday 15
Hb and I had lunch at the Laughing Planet.  I had my black beans and pinto beans and I brought 5 tortillas.  Afterwards we walked around downtown and Hb went to get a massage which never happened and I took the bus home.  In the evening we went for a walk and ran into the apples on Bell and I asked the guy if I could pick up his apples off the ground and I got to meet him as well.  I brought home a wheel barrow full of apples and was in apple heaven :)
Friday 16
Ken came by at 8:30am and I took him over to the Peoria Boat Landing.  Walked from the Crystal lake parking lot home through the park.  Hb and I went over to shop for the apple crisp for the potlucks this weekend.  We got home, had some lunch, and then took the bus over to osu at 2:30pm.  We went to the MU and watched some young adults practicing for their choir concert for probably a week of choir camp.  At 3:30 we went over to Lasells for a talk by Dr. Louis Ignarro on NO, Nitrous Oxide.  He won the 1998 Nobel Prize in Medicine for his work.  He also worked at Tulane Med School prior to moving out to LA.  He gave a nice talk.  I spoke to the mayor about coming to the Unsung Hero Event in late September.  He is going to Yellowstone the week prior.  Hb and I walked downtown, missed the bus by 5 minutes, walked to the coop, missed the bus by 30 seconds and then walked home.  We walked 5.4 miles today in total.
Saturday 17
Hb and I met Lee Welch and Phoenix down at the Teddy Bear picnic at the Country Fair.  We ate some nice chicken drum sticks prior to the potluck starting.  We listened to some great music and then went to Earthrising to top of the evening.  We hung out with Craig and saw his home and garden.  The stars were brilliant and we were alive with life in OR.  Summer is at the peak of the peak and we are doing a soft landing (hopefully) into autumn.
Sunday 18
We were at Lincoln School at 10:30am to Volunteer for the Open Streets Fair with Ben Roberts.  We worked the corner of Bethel and Alexander till 1pm.  Then went by Lilly Park and hung out and ate some pizza.  Linda and Ken came over by 4:30pm and we headed out to Steve Rose's house for the organic potluck.  It was a great night, warm and not chilly.  We were the last one's to leave the party at just before 9pm.  A great weekend was had by all.
Monday 19
walk late in the day at dusk.  a bit of b-ball with izzy and co.  the gang is back home from paxico.
Tuesday 20
Patrick and I went to the rock quarry out in Philomath.  Had a really nice talk with the guy who worked out there who lives in Millersburg.  Patrick and I had fun hanging out together.  I went to the Tuesday market and got some clippers from Mark.
Wednesday 21
It was a cloudy, drizzly day in the summer.  Because it was cool Hb and I went for a walk to the end of WL.  Hb went over to Xigam land in the evening.  I stayed home and talked to David Friedman.
Thursday 22
Phoenix came over in the afternoon, and in the evening we hung out with Ken, Naj, and Phoenix at Starker Arts Park for the summer concert series.  We walked around the gardens which are marvelous.
Friday 23
Hb and I went for a long walk in the park and down to the river.  It was hot but not too hot.  Saw Linda on her bike with her dog and her husband Jay.  They told us about a gluten free bakery breakfast place in Burnt Woods.  Earlier in the day I went to the coop and the bank.  Prior to that Pedro came over in the morning and we hung out with him for awhile.
Saturday 24
Made 2 apple crisps along with some other cooking.  got to diana's house early, went for a walk, then had a nice potluck.  summer and I were at nmsu at the same time.  she lives in platoro, colorado.  johng was at the potluck, alone with diane who has the same bday as renee.  phoenix brought a yummy juice and stew, mayan was there.
Sunday 25
Up at 6:30am and left the house at 8:30am.  It was a gorgeous summer day in Oregon and we got to the rest stop on I5 at exactly 10am when we texted Martin telling him we would be there at noon.  We proceeded on to Multnomah and walked around the village till 11:30am.  Then we drove up the hill to Martin’s for a yummy brunch with Jessica and Max of Tuna with baby yummy tomatoes, baba ganush, hummus, and my apple crisp for dessert.  We also had numerous salads, cut up vegetables and all gourmet courtesy of Martin and Jessica.  It was a lovely lunch sitting on their balcony overlooking the city.  You can see all the way to the Columbia and the hills beyond across the other side.  Afterwards we went to the Portland Museum of Art for a Paris exhibit which recounted the time at the turn of the century circa 1900.  We saw that exhibit and then doubled back and saw a Van Gogh, Picasso, and some other lovely art.  We told Martin how inspired we were by being there.  We walked to the museum from his house and then walked home back up the hill.  Martin has a great house and the last time I was there was 2 summers ago when I spent the night up on the 3rd floor and we had a nice picnic on Sunday.  Martin quit his job a few months back after working there since arriving in Portland in December of 2007 just was I quit JSI and moved to Ecuador Martin moved to Portland.  I now vaguely remember this time and his move.  Martin and Jessica met the same year Hb and I met so that is easy to remember as well.  We left their house at 5:45pm and drove up to Longview, had a nice fajita meal for dinner at a yummy local mexican restaurant called El Portrillo which means baby horse.  When we came out of the restaurant it had just turned dark.  The time of year beckons autumn in the air.
Monday 26
Up at 7:30am and had a nice breakfast at the hotel.  Afterwards we bought gas and headed over to Cathlamet.  We love it there.  We first went to the beach with the boats and walked around on the docks.  Then we went over to the museum park and walked back on the wooden ramp.  We sat down on the steps on the Columbia and hung out for a good while.  We have a picture sitting on the steps.  Back over to the docks for a bit and then we had a nice lunch at the Pizza Mill which used to be called Sharon’s Pizza.  We talked to the owner who was there last year.  We kind of forgot about the place then Hb remembered it and then I saw where it was by accident as Hb was changing her shoes in the car.  We love this restaurant.  There is only one other place in town which is the Mexican place and this place we had a huge chef salad and I had fries and Hb had a slice of Pineapple pizza.  We walked up to the top of the hill in town and found a house for sale overlooking the river.  A lovely spot.  Back down the hill and met James who was in the real estate / visitor center.  That commercial building was for sale for 649k.  We hung out a big longer and then drove back home to Longview.  We took a nap and then ate our food we brought with us on the trip along with the rest of the Chef salad from lunch.  At 6PM we drove over to the big park in town along the lake and walked for about 2 hours and then found downtown and checked it out.  This is a cool place !  And we kind of discovered the downtown area by accident.  At almost dark we headed north out of town along the other river.  I wanted to check this out too, and we just kind of ran into the road headed north.  We drove up there about 10 minutes and turned around at dark.  A great day was had by all.  It was one of the hottest days of the summer but still very nice.  It is supposed to be 98 degrees tomorrow in Corvallis, but quickly cool off later in the week.
Tuesday 27
So we got up at 7:30am quick because we knew we wanted breakfast before the masses arrived.  Yesterday breakfast was quiet but today it was packed.  We got our water mellon, and my packets of oatmeal along with some potatoes and eggs, and a banana.  The breakfast was passable and we read the boring USA Today.  Afterwards we walked around downtown Longview for a bit.  What a nice, but run down town, with run down stores.  The Corvallis downtown is a jewel.  Afterwards we headed out of town and caught the bridge and at the top of the ridge caught a left turn to Veronia.  Luckily I saw the sign.  What a time saver.  We hung out in Forest Grove.  Hb bought a pair of silver and lapis earrings and we had a nice lunch at Pac Thai.  This place was excellent and I would highly recommend it.  We left Forest Grove at 2:45PM and was home by 4:30PM.  We pulled into Corvallis and just as we passed the COOP it showed 103 degrees.  It is the hottest day of the summer, and according to the 10 day forecast will be the hottest day of the summer.  We had a very nice time in Longview and a great trip was had by all.
Wednesday 28
Early morning walk, then Phoenix came by and I went for another walk around the park.  Hb and I went for a nice walk late in the day into the park again.  Today I had 3 walks in the park, and possibly a record on that topic.
Thursday 29
Hb went to breakfast with Anya at the Dizzy Hen, and I went for a short walk with Patrick and hung out with he and Mindy outside their house.  They were leaving today for Christmas Valley.  In the late afternoon Hb and I went to the Darkside Theatre to see Maiden, a story about Tracy Edwards journey around the world in a sailboat.  It was an excellent movie.
Friday 30
Hb and I went food shopping in the afternoon.  We did the circuit including Winco.  In the morning Hb did pears with Jan and I washed my sheets, which hadn't been done since before Hb came home.  In the evening we worked in the yard and went for a walk around the block.  We checked out Summer's house which is lovely after bringing back her trash cans; she is back home in Platoro, Co.  We talked to Brynn just before going in.
Saturday 31
Farmer's Market at noon.  Bina gave Hb and I some plum cake.  We sat at the water fountain and hung out with Diane, the woman we met last weekend at Diana Castillo's house.  Her two grandchildren were playing at the fountain.  Prior to that Pedro came over and we got some chairs on the side of the road for his house.  I got his chair from the garage, and put the chair we got there and in his extra bedroom.  Afterwards we went to TJ's to get a watermellon for tomorrow's party at Scott and Kathleens.  In the evening Hb and I went for a short walk over to the park, hung out at the bench and came home.


September 2019


Sunday 01
Worked outside in the morning, after seeing Bina yesterday and talking about planting garlic in early October I better get to work in getting the beds ready for our autumn planting.  In the evening Hb and I went to Scott and Kathy's party.  It started at 6pm and the temps were perfect so that at 10pm when I came home it was still pleasant with no jacket required.  I really enjoyed spending time with those guys.  Its a good life.
Monday 02
Labor Day was nice.  In the evening we went over to Steve's house for a cookout with Faith, and Steve's friend Mark who went to Auburn and is from Weirton, WV.  It was a nice small gathering.  Hb and I brought chocolate brownies.
Tuesday 03
Mushroom's 77th bday party with Bina, Kusra, Hal, Serena, Dilly and their friends' who were moving to the big island of Hawaii in 9 days.
Wednesday 04
Nice talk with Patrick early afternoon.  More work on garllic bed prep, and trimming side bush on side of house.  Just figured out last week that I can just get in there by hand and trim back individual branches instead of having Ken use electric hedge trimmer.  plus long term its more sustainable.  in the evening hb went over to renee's for dancing and fire and I stuck around the house and worked outside.  evening with the moon and the light was perfect.
Thursday 05
In the evening we went for a walk and hung out with Naj and Phoenix in front of their house for a sunset.  Hb picked up a table cloth she left at Naj's from last Thanksgiving and Naj gave me some Amaranth for seed for next year.  Naj stopped by our house a few days ago for some fennel.  Earlier in the day Hb broke out our crock pot and made a medicinal oil with Dev thanks to Steve's trimmings.  Dev bought over 2 bottles of olive oil.  In the afternoon I spoke to Dad.  He got hearing aids at Costco a few days back and is liking them.  We talked to Liz this morning in Jerusalem and she is dealing with being a foreigner in a foreign land.
Friday 06
Up early and drove to Eugene for Hb cholesterol blood draw.  Afterwards we had breakfast at Morning Glory and then hung out at the 5th street market till noon.  Afterwards we parked midtown and walked towards the university then up to Sundance where I bought a banana.  Then we walked back to the car and drove home.  We bought gas in Junction City for $2.68.  In the evening we walked over to Joan's and picked up some pears from the ground.  Patrick got a call from her saying it was clear to go.  We took Steve's dog Romeo for a walk around the block.
Saturday 07
Farmer's market, first kind of cloudy day here.  The weather shifted today from hot and sun, to cool and clouds with no forecasted days above 80 in the next 2 weeks.  Had a long talk with Paul at the Farmer's market.  His yield this year on corn and beans is going to be down because of a rough spring and then he replanted a bunch of stuff and it looks like they are not going to make it.  In the afternoon Dev came over to work with Hb and finish up the oil experiment round 1.  It smells alot like brownies and we will see how it turns out.  We went for a walk around the park in the evening and stopped by Phoenix's house for some late nite chili.  Darlene was there, she has been having problems with circulation in her legs.  Watched the movie Wonderwoman.
Sunday 08
Early morning at Phoenix house to return movie from last night. Spoke to Darlene.  At 4pm we went out to Michael's house for his 5th birthday.  Earlier in the afternoon I dug the front door bed, and moved some dirt around.  It rained pretty much all day on and off.  Autumn is here and summer is over.  Had a nice talk at the party with Chris who is the husband of Marie Twoey.  He was born and raised in Ireland and moved here at age 25.  We had a really nice talk about Europe and the US cultures.
Monday 09
Phoenix came over in the morning and we had a long talk about OddFellows and other stuff.  At 2pm we drove to Salem for Hb's doctor visit.  Afterwards we went to Costco in Salem to buy dental floss.  We then had a nice dinner at our Coop in Salem.  We love going there, its called LifeSource.  We drove home the back way and was home by 6:30pm.  The light is clearly fading.
Tuesday 10
Worked outside around noon, planted the kale plants that were sitting in black pots all summer.  I got these plants going via starts in the spring.  I placed them in the backyard bed.  Tuesday market, met and spoke to Angie from Alabama about foster care services in OR.  She works for the state in that department and told me some stuff about it including an organization called Every Child Oregon.  Now I have 2 organizations on my list, the other one being White Bird Clinic.
Wednesday 11
Pedro picked me up at 11:10 and we went to New Morning Bakery to meet with Suzanne.  We had a great talk and we were back home by about 2pm.  Phoenix came over later while I was trimming the bushes next to Jay and Sarah, and then we went for a walk around the park.
Thursday 12
David Mayfield and I went for a hike at the end of airport rd.  he drove over to the house at 10am and we took it from there.  we parked at inavale farm and walked up the hill.  we discovered a clear cut at the very top of the hill for the first time.  but the forest past the starker gate was preserved, tg.  afterwards we had a nice lunch at nearly norml.  hb got home around 5pm, she had a good trip with peggy.
Friday 13
Took Juniper around the block several times on her scooter by pulling a rope.  Had a nice talk with Mindy afterwards.  Juniper came over our house and went to Jan's tambien.  Did some harvesting of our Fennel and learned the difference between fennel and dill.  We saw dill at the farmer's market on saturday and it all clicked.  Earlier in the day spoke to Dad about an amazon package which he received late in the day.  We watched Professor Marston and the Wonder Women a documentary at night about William Moulton Marston the creator of Wonder Woman which we watched earlier in the week.
Saturday 14
Farmer's market, hung out with Bina and Hb.  Manned the booth while Bina did some minor shopping.  Afterwards we stopped by the coop.  At about 7:30am I went for a walk around the park, and saw Mark Sherman and Jack as I was coming home.  In the evening we went to Gloria's for a potluck with Dev, Will, Kathy, Will.  Afterwards Hb and I walked up Hayes to Hillcrest.  Its a beautiful neighborhood.
Sunday 15
Spoke to Shane McShane early in the morning about the farm.  Earth Rising potluck in the afternoon, gave Atasa a ride down to the potluck.  It was my first time meeting him, and I am glad he hooked up with us.
Monday 16
The farm project is off.  Hb and I walked over and looked at the acre piece and the 0.5 acre piece and basically had decided last night it was a no go, and clarified that today with a brief courtesy call to Shane McShane.  In the evening Hb had the girls over including Darlene who is feeling better to watch the wonder women movie documentary on professor marsten.
Tuesday 17
Oil change on car at 40,800 miles.  Osu library to get my library card reinstated.  Odd Fellows meeting in the evening, gave Phoenix a ride to the meeting.  Big blow up at meeting over the concept of how important the membership committee participation is, my ego got in the way on this one, similar to sun microsystems, julie and robin troup.
Wednesday 18
Hb went to yoga, and to get a massage with Marie Towey and I went outside and did some garlic bed prep until it started raining around 2:30pm just as I was finishing up round one.
Thursday 19
More work on the fig tree bed.  Walk with Dev and Hb around the park.  By the time we got home the weather was lovely.  Autumn is upon us !
Friday 20
At 1:30pm Hb and I went over to Pedro's house to replace his garage light bulb which had burned out.  Afterwards we went for a walk around the block and I finished off in the evening the Fig Tree bed, also worked on the County Line bed which is starting to look pretty nice too.  Jay and Sarah were outside at dark watching the city crew truck clean up a tiny oil spill that happened on our streets.
Saturday 21
Osu for the CMLC pot luck open house for the new students coming back to school, class starts next week.  Hb met Jim, who I met at Beatrice's studio when Hb was in NM.  Afterwards Hb went to Reenie's for an equinox prep and I went home and spent some time talking to Patrick about his trip to Halfway a week ago, and Boyd and Jan at their happy hour about Frenchglen, Fort Rock and Eastern OR.  Around 6pm I went over to Xigamland for the solstice gathering and fire.  It was a nice autumn evening, crisp and chilly down on the lower land.
Sunday 22
Hours exchange for a few hours; talked to Ken the whole time.  Prior to that we went to the coop for lunch.  It rained most of the day, but by evening it cleared and we went for a nice long walk around the block.
Monday 23
Hb and Dev went for a walk in the park and had a journey.  In the evening we went to the CBC, Corvallis Bike Collective for a BBQ with Ben Roberts.  Bruce was there, and we met Sarah Bronstein and Ilene.  The Unsung Hero Event is Wed night and they didn't know the location and thought it was going to be at the Oddfellows Hall.
Tuesday 24
Nice walk in the afternoon around the park and into the woods prior to Tuesday market.  Got some nice soup from Julia.  Hung out with Kathy Miller.  At the end of the market we hung out with Oatmar and for the first time in my life we watch the Space Station fly overhead.  It was at 8:07pm and because the sun had just set it was really bright
Wednesday 25
Unsung Hero event with Naj and Phoenix.  Bonnie missed the event cause she went on vacation.  Earlier in the day I rode the bus downtown, hit the bank and the farmer's market, spoke to Bina there about a land conservation easement and then walked home.  It was a gorgeous autumn day.
Thursday 26
Images of Ireland with David Couzens at the library.  Its starting to cool off and this weekend there is a frost warning.  Anya was at the event along with Dev and Will.  The show was marvelous.  He did his own music choreography and editing along with a very appropriate narrative along the way.  Hb made halibut for dinner which was yummy.
Friday 27
Nice talk with Patrick and Mindy in the morning.  Patrick showed me where his place is in Christmas Valley and I found it on Google Maps.  Made more plans for our trip starting Monday.  Learned more about Lakeview and Alturas and the Warner Mtn's.  Mindy has pneumonia, but she is feeling better.  She took the week off from work.  Today was Jan's 74th birthday, she was born today in 1945, the war ended Sep 2, 1945 and she was born 25 days later.  We went for a walk in the evening.  Stopped by and talked to Karen Mayo who put out green peppers.  On her iphone it was 59 degrees.  It felt darn chilly cause the wind was blowing.
Saturday 28
Long talk with Pedro in the evening after fall festival.  We hung out with David and Lottie, and Dev and Bill.  Along the way we saw Tal and Miriam and Linda and Jay and Brad from IOOF.  We watched the Big Outside play their set and then the rains came but we walked around and met Dave and Lottie's friend Peppe who was from Guanajuato.  He was a cool guy.
Sunday 29
Lots of cooking and processing of apples.  Patrick came by with Izzy and I gave him 5 bucks for his race and 5 bucks for his birthday.   Then Juniper showed up with Mindy and I gave her 4 dollars for being 4.  Lots more cooking, to clean up fridge, make lots of apple sauce.  In the early afternoon we went for a walk around the block and met Zump and Donna from Gallup, NM.  It was a chilly day, but the rain held off till 5pm which was convenient for the folks at the Fall Festival and for me doing the stuff I needed to do outside today.  Unlike yesterday, where it poured while we were at the Fall Festival.
Monday 30
Phoenix came by for a short bit, and Patrick, Hb and I talked for awhile.  He starts work tomorrow in Albany.  Left the house at 9:30am and stopped in Jct City for windshield repair.  Then on to Sundance and we were at Belknap by 3PM.  We walked 5 miles total and turned around at the 2nd bridge.  After watching the Bill Gates I thought about our frantic lifestyle and peaceful life can be.  I was in deep meditation on my walk.  Belknap is a place I “go to” in my dreams prior to sleeping and here I was floating in the hot springs with 3 noodle floats.  I ran into a couple who said hi and we me up from my dream in the pool.  They redid the pool, very nice with long steps in the middle with blue tile and a white pool.  We had never been there that late after dark.


October 2019


Tuesday 01
Big talk with Jeff ? @ Breakfast about Tesla, politics, computers.  He is a chiropractor and was a nice guy, he lives in Fremont, Ca and we struck up a nice talk and quick friendship.  That evening in the hot tub we also met Rick who was a school teacher from the town north of Cottage Grove.  He told us about fishing in Oregon which was interesting.  We hit the river trail a bit after breakfast after it warmed up.  We love the MacKenzie river trail and we walked to the bridge crossing at Slough Creek.  We walked six miles, 4 hours, perfect, sunny, mild autumn day - not a cloud in the sky.  We came back and had a nice meal at the Lodge sitting in the breakfast area where we did some microwaving.  We started eating some of the food I cooked on Sunday.  Afterwards we walked in the gardens on both sides of the river.  We love Belknap and walking around the grounds.  Nice talk with Rick and then in our room by 8PM.
Wednesday 02
Up early and had a nice breakfast at 7:30am.  Hb did her hot tub and I hung out in the room.  We drove away and rested near the Hoodoo ski basin while Hb got the news that Diana Martin has cancer, we do not yet know the type or what is going on but she talked to her for awhile while I paced back and forth on the adjacent road towards the ski basin.  We observed that the fire that came through a number of years ago created a new bed of seeds for a whole new set of trees to come on board.  There are new trees everywhere and its a sign of rebirth after the death of the forest and humans go through the same cycle too.  We are part of a much bigger picture to say the least.  From there we had a lovely lunch at Angeline’s, our normal spot in Sister’s.  We love that place and bought some extra day old cookies, muffins and scones.  We walked around Sister’s for awhile and then headed into Bend on the back road.  We caught the Wednesday Farmer’s market and then walked around the lovely park in town too.  We had dinner at one of the best Thai restaurants in Oregon.  It was called Wild Rose and we loved it.  It was a bit pricey, but well worth the cash.  We got to our hotel in La Pine, the Best Western.  Its a great room and a great hotel.
Thursday 03
Up early and had breakfast at the hotel.  Then we came back to the room and rested and headed out for Ft. Rock.  Ken initially told us about it a long time ago and then Boyd recently made our journey happen with his raving review of the place.  We loved Ft. Rock and had a great time there.  The weather started out cloudy, cold and iffy with even a chance of rain, but soon the skies cleared and we got some nice sun mixed with clouds.  We were pretty much the only ones up there.  Afterwards we headed due north directly from there and drove 17 miles to a paved Forest Rd which sat at the corner of the road to Ft. Rock and the road that comes out of La Pine due east.  It is at this intersection that we saw the south ice cave.  We had a nice picnic lunch there and then walked a bit on some dirt roads in the area.  Came back to La Pine and checked out the area for a while and then stopped by Grocery Depot for some minor food staples then over to Town Pump for a top off.
Friday 04
Breakfast followed by pack up and start driving to LakeView.  First stop was Patrick’s place in Christmas Valley.  He has a very cool spot with a lovely rock hut and great views to the east and south.  I went for a nice walk left which was south and walked past the private property sign.  Afterwards we had a nice lunch at the only restaurant in Christmas Valley.  I had an excellent burger with a corn tortilla and some fries which were a bit on the salty side.  From there we drove to LakeView.  The drive was out of this world gorgeous, blew me away, just stunning through Summer Lake into Paisley and beyond.  We got lucky and found the Fremont Inn.  KK Patel checked us in and we got a nice room for two nights for $109 per night.  We cancelled our reservation at the Best Western as it was just before 4pm which was our cancel time.  We drove around town first and then walked around the town.  We like it here, its quiet, peaceful and the new Lake County library is a gorgeous new building, a mind blower; lovely wood structure built in 2014.  We got back to our room by 7pm just as the sun was setting.
Saturday 05
They have real eggs for our breakfast and Hb liked that, afterwards we chilled out in the room for about one hour and then headed out Westside Road to the California border.  It was here that we parked our car and then walked south on the paved road.  We walked for awhile and then hit a dirt cow road that we took until we got to a NO Trespassing sign where we sat down for awhile and looked out over Goose Lake.  We learned that this road continues on down to a small area in California called Davis Creek which is at the intersection of Hwy 395.  We were in heaven in this spot.  I loved being here and we sat for a long time and just listened to nothing.  I wrote a poem, something I haven’t done in awhile and I will possibly add a link to it later on.  We got back to our hotel around 3pm, finished off the rest of our food.  It lasted the whole week.  We had the beans from Sundance along with the quinoa corn salad I made on Sunday afternoon.  The food lasted till Saturday, almost a whole week later.  Afterwards we walked around town, had a nice chat with a guy who bought his Victorian house 17 years ago and lives across from the swimming pool and at the start of the dirt road going up into Warner Canyon.  Walked a bit more, Hb came home and then I walked out again all the way down to the railroad tracks and back passed the big grassy area just west of the high school.  We have only been here 2 nights and 3 days but in that short amount of time we saw the whole town.  The Indian people who own our hotel the Fremont Inn, bought it 12 years ago around the 2008 - 2009 financial issue.  KK Patel still goes back to Sacramento every couple of months.
Sunday 06
Up rather early, had our breakfast and was on the road by 9am.  Our first stop was Paisley, OR.  By then it was already warming up.  We parked in front of the church and walked “into town” which was the grocer and the bar / restaurant.  From there we walked up one of the main neighborhood streets to the bridge where the river crossed.  Then back the same way, back to the church.  We then drove across the street and checked out another ditch.  Paisley is a nice tiny town, but lovely.  Its kind of an upscale OR town in the high desert @ mile marker 100 on Hwy 31, in other words about 40 miles north of Lakeview.  From there we headed up to Summer Lake.  We stopped at the Summer Lodge and then across the street to the wildlife area.  Duck hunting season started yesterday so there were lots of hunters around.   We proceeded on to Silver Lake where we hung out for about 2 minutes and then on to a forest road past the Fort Rock turn off and up the hill in the deep forest; we were about 25 miles east of La Pine.  We walked for about one hour in the woods.  It was an absolutely gorgeous warm autumn day.  It could not have been nicer.  It was perfect.  Got to La Pine, checked back into our Best Western and got the same room number 410 in the back.  We went over to Grocery Outlet and got some salad gear for dinner with an avocado, tomato, humus we had a yummy salad.  Better than our alternative of Mexican food.  A good day was had by all.
Monday 07
Up early and had breakfast at our hotel in LaPine.  Left around 9am and our first stop was Crescent Lake where we met Rick and Mike who own a cabin on the lake and they have 8 partners and get to stay 6 weeks a year.  He kicked in 5k for a share that was worth 40k back in 1990 and is now worth in total 500k.  We love Crescent Lake.  It was our 2nd time there and our first time there was back on Jan 1 of this year.  From there we drove over to Oakridge and parked on the east side of town and walked all the way past the elementary school and back and into the library too.  We stopped at Ray's on the way out of town and then drove home through Coburg which is exit 199 on I5 just north of Eugene.  Got home around 5pm.  Hb went to see a movie with the girls and I unpacked and had a long talk with Patrick about his new job which he started on Oct 1.  He likes his job a lot and we had a nice conversation about it.
Tuesday 08
Tuesday market had a nice talk with Mark W.  Also dropped off the Coho Friends money to Debby Vajda, also Jim from Tack Box delivered 7 yards of aged horse compost @ 17 bucks a yard for a total of 119.  It was a chilly day, but at the Tuesday market we had a nice time.
Wednesday 09
Hb went to Salem to the dermatologist and I stayed home and worked.  In the afternoon I went to get $0.50 of gas at Town Pump and stopped by the COOP, the bank and Vitamin Cottage for some food shopping post coming home from E. Oregon.
Thursday 10
Up early, was at Les Schwab's for new tires by 8am and was back home before 10am with brand spanking new tires.  I walked home from dropping off the car and walked back.  On the way home from the tire shop I saw Patrick who was heading down to the state hospital for work.  It was a gorgeous sunny day but the windows were frozen at 8am and I had to scrape them off.  Later in the day I dug the front door driveway bed up for the garlic planting soon, and then moved some dirt over along with sorting the garlic for what will be planted.  Hb and I went for a 3 mile walk over to the park and then I cleaned up some blackberries for tomorrow's trash in the forest.  At the end of the day just as the sun was setting I went over and had some grapes.  Autumn is lovely, and I wish good health for Hb and I.
Friday 11
Hb and I went over to Peoria market to get some winter squash, then ran a bunch of errands including picking up some MSM at BiMart and the normal food shopping spots.  Came home and harvested amaranth seeds and fava beans.  Mindy came over to take Hb's blood pressure as she got a new cuff today at Walmart.
Saturday 12
Hb drove up to Salem Urgent care to have a blood draw to test her thyroid.  In the afternoon I planted 160 garlic in the front door driveway bed.  Steve gave us some yummy pears and a nice jar of pesto.  Liz and Beatrice arrived and we hung out with them for a bit, then Hb and I went for a walk around the short block.  It was a cloudy day but not chilly.  The temperature was about perfect, a perfect Saturday autumn afternoon to plant garlic, talk to Liz, Beatrice, Steve and Hb.  Mums the word, we planted 2 mum bushes in a new hot off the press bed in the front yard just west of the water meter.  It is our first new garden bed of the year, and will probably expand a bit next year.  We are slowly getting rid of the grass and replacing it with stuff.  But one tiny step at a time.  I learned a new spanish sentence today which I like.  Todavia tengo tanto trabajo para hacer, I like the 4t's.
Sunday 13
Sharon arrives around 1pm and we head over to Katy Stokes potluck around 4pm with Liz, Sharon, Beatrice and Ken.  It was a gorgeous evening at Katy's and we did our traditional walk in the forest prior to the farm tour and pot luck.  The drive home was mellow, and a good day was had by all.
Monday 14
Sharon and I went for a walk around 8am, then Hb and I went for a walk in the afternoon across 99 down Wake Robin to the end and then back home on Tunison.  Liz, Beatrice, and Sharon, Hb and I had a nice dinner that Liz and Beatrice bought food at the coop.
Tuesday 15
Sharon, Hb and I went for a walk on Kiger Island.  We did the whole loop and it could not have been a nicer, more peaceful cloudy day in the WV (Willamette Valley)...  In the evening we all hit the Tuesday market with Sharon, Liz, Beatrice, and Hb.  It was a nice evening at the market, mellow and chilly, but the free baked potatoes, cookie and tamale lighted my way around the market.
Wednesday 16
Sharon leaves our house at 6:30am and arrives in Willows, Ca 8 hours later before 4pm.  Hb and I went out for a short walk over to the water company and the beautiful autumn leaves.  I was able to scrape a few more figs off the tree in the tiny park just east of Bell.  I love this time of year when I get figs off that tree.
Thursday 17
Liz and Beatrice came over briefly early in the morning.  Around 1pm Hb and I went to have lunch at the Laughing Planet followed by a trip to Key Bank.  Hb dropped me off downtown and I walked up Jackson to the OS Credit Union then back around campus and took the bus home.  I got my first load of leaves from Ken on Bell.  His nice tree with multi-colored leaves was sitting in his yard and he gave me permission to put them in my bucket.
Friday 18
Hb and I walked over to the coop for lunch around 1pm.  We spoke with a bunch of Coho people including meeting Sandy with her new 7th month baby who as yet still has no name, along with Judy of Dave and Judy.  In the evening, for the first time we went over to Jan and Boyd's and heard Boyd play the piana.  He is a very talented musician and completely plays by ear.  He has a very nice natural talent.
Saturday 19
We went to the Mary's River Grange and had a long talk with Curtis who was from Scio but now lives in Yuma.  He told us all about Yuma and we met his sister who's daughter lives in St. Michael, Alaska in the hinterland coast.  She goes up there to visit her and its quite a remote location with seaplanes from Nome the only option for transport of people and food.  Afterwards it was raining so we had lunch at our new favorite mexican restaurant in Philomath adjacent to the gas station and then went for a lovely walk in Martin Luther King park.  Afterwards I planted Jan's elephant garlic, went and got a bunch of leaves on Thompson, the walnut tree leaves from Jena and then Renee's at 7pm.  Pedro picked us up and Rich Riordan was there along with Craig from Earth Rising, Liz and Bea and the crew.  We sang and danced all night.  A very nice evening indeed, much nicer than we would have suspected.
Sunday 20
Liz and Beatrice came over to our house before I got out of bed.  I heard the car door close and I popped out of bed, Hb the same.  Phoenix came by soon afterwards to lighten the load of having Beatrice there too.  Anyway, without further ado, they left and Phoenix and I went for a walk around the block.  I love Liz, but her daughter is way too much over the top and so she takes away the energy from beautiful Liz.  Nothing against B, she is just my mirror and who I am too.  Afterwards I got some more leaves, day 2, and then Hb and I went over to OSU LaSells for an afternoon of Noche de Alma.  It was nice and we ate some food and heard a nice piano recital.  It was raining when we came out but a nice day was had by all.
Monday 21
In the afternoon I did the front gutters and then went and got some leaves from Ken on Bell and the house adjacent to the Bell Park.  Mindy got her new job at the school today, so she will no longer have to stay up all night.  Liz and Beatrice took off today, they left Corvallis on their next journey or destination.
Tuesday 22
Big day outside, started out with back gutters, hit the high one first, then did the others.  Started cutting back sun chokes in front.  Then moved on to blackberry eradication at Jen's grapes.  Hb and I walked to the Tuesday market through the Xigam land.  Got Ethan's name down, he lives at the end of Park in the house where they sell the pumpkins.
Wednesday 23
Hb and I went to Salem as Hb had a mammogram at Skyline.  I went to nelson city park on croisan creek road for the first time and went for a nice walk.  Came back and we went over to Lifesource for an early dinner.  Afterwards we went for a walk in Independence, OR and had Cascade Glacier ice cream from Andrea who moved here from ABQ.  We went for a walk along the river, the river walk is very nice and it was our first time there.
Thursday 24
Hb cut my hair on a beautiful warm, sunny autumn day.  Afterwards I finished cutting down all of the sunchokes in the front yard next to the mailbox.  They extend quite a way to the middle of the garden and yard.  Hb and I went to a poetry reading tonight at the library.  In June a bunch of poets climbed to the top of Mary's peak and wrote poems about their experience.  Tonight we heard about it.  Prior we went on a nice walk near OSU and then walked down Jackson from 14th to the library.  It was a beautiful autumn evening.
Friday 25
Up early and was outside at 8am picking up leaves.  I finished off the hugelculture on the county line.  It was my first attempt at doing one.  Then I finished up the mailbox side sunchokes, they are tidied up and ready to be dug up in the spring.  Had a nice talk with Tim Dehne, he is enjoying his new abode out there in Scio.  Pedro came by at 12:15pm and we went out to the Dizzy Hen for a nice lunch.  I had a BIG bowl of fries and ragu with polenta and greens all for $19 including tip.  The fries were $5.50.  Potluck at Renee's with Phoenix, Naj, Dev, and Kathy and Renee's new housemate, a guy by the name of Michael.  A very cool guy from Brooklyn but lived in Nairobi, Kenya and is a mechanical engineer.  It was a gorgeous day, autumn this time of year when it is warm, sunny and dry is very nice.
Saturday 26
Philomath Studio tour out in the area of Lumos winery.  In the evening we went to the Figley up party at Marvin and Margaret's and I had a long talk with Steve and Sally who I thought was Tom Dennison.
Sunday 27
In the morning I spoke to Tessie and then Rand.  Hb and I went to Dale Donavan's after going for a hike up on Bald Hill.  After Dale's house we stopped by temple Beit Am for their open house totally by accident.  They just opened up their new facility for the High Holidays this year.  We ran into Jorge Rodriguez who we had met with Dan and Amy a few weeks back at the Laughing Planet.  Larry Friedman called me in the evening to give me an update on Dad.
Monday 28
Larry called me back to report Dad is feeling better.  I spoke to Iris in the afternoon as well.  Hb and I went over to Bell to get leaves and in the evening we went to the library to hear a talk on the Cascade Siskyou National Monument.
Tuesday 29
Cold, windy, sunny day.  I got 2 loads of leaves from the end of Bell next to the park.  It was too cold and windy for me so I went home.  We missed the final Tuesday market unfortunately due to the crappy weather.  Oh well, looking forward to next year.  Spoke to Dad today, he is home from the hospital and sounds great.  What a life !  I have seen better days, as Michele is also dealing with similar health issues for the past number of weeks, months.
Wednesday 30
Hb and I left for Salem at 1pm and she went into the doctor's office and I walked over to Target and then further along on the north end of the mall adjacent to the big power lines.  I crossed under the railroad track bridge and walked to the end of the street.  Went back and Hb and I went downtown to the Peter Courtney Minto Island Bridge which was completed in August of 2017.  It was our first time walking on the bridge.  We then walked to the trees and ducked into a trail along the trees.  Afterwards we went to our salem coop and had a yummy dinner.  It was my 2nd time having the soup with some beans thrown in there and some spinach.  We drove home on the back road and arrived home just at dark.
Thursday 31
I got my leave quota today, I am officially done and delivered on getting enough leaves for this year by Halloween.  Had a nice talk with my neighbor Ken on Bell.  Raked up the pine needles that fell the other day in a massive wind storm coming out of the north east which blew stuff all over the driveway roof etc.  A big mess.  Also, cleaned up a bunch of cardboard boxes that we had been collecting.  In general just a bunch more work outside prior to my upcoming departure in a few days.  I also put a call into Phoenix to let him know I am taking off and asked him if he wants to get together prior to my departure.


November 2019


Friday 01
Hb dropped some crystals on her computer and busted out the display so we had to go buy her a new computer for $600, she got a great deal on a new computer as they were having a sale going on.  Phoenix came over just prior to that and we went for a walk over to the park.  Hb and I went for another walk in the afternoon back to the park.  We skipped out on going to Lasells tonight for the Vista and Vineyards show.
Saturday 02
Today was a spectacularly gorgeous autumn day in OR.  It was so warm that Hb and I went for a walk in the WV (Valley) on Harvest Drive off Oakville.  We walked on the dirt road east of where Oakville bangs into Harvest from the North.  I had shorts on the whole time and was not even a tad bit chilly.  When we got into the car after our 2.5 mile walk it was 62 degrees.  On the way home we stopped at the COOP to buy some sprouts and mixed that in with the rice and the sauce I usually get at the coop.  Yum!  I walked down the steet and said good bye to Jason who wished the lord give me a good voyage and Cheryl across the street who was raking her leaves and cleaning up the Halloween paraphanalia she has in her front yard.
Sunday 03
Another perfect day in paradise.  It was gorgeous, I worked outside all day in shorts and a tshirt.  Started out the day by cleaning off the butternut squash I bought yesterday at Peoria market.  The dirt stains from where they sat on the ground still had dirt on them so the sun dried them off after my washing.  Hb went to a movie and I gather all of the leaves on Powell at Jason's and Jay's.  Hb and I went for a walk around the block around 4pm and then we watched the movie Echo in the Canyon starring Jakob Dylan, who is the son of Bob Dylan.
Monday 04
My final full day in Oregon and it was gorgeous...  I didn't do that much outside today except rake the back yard one final time.  Mainly the needles that had fallen in the wind storm about a week back.  The yard looks nice, and the leaves are tucked in.  Hb and I went for a walk around the block after she was over at Renee's helping with the harvest.  I packed up, ran over to the bank to get Hb's present since I was going to be gone for awhile, so that is tucked in too.
Tuesday 05
Nice morning, Hb took me to the EUG airport.  Gorgeous flight to Denver on the window with clear skies, saw John Day valley, Prairie City, the Snake River gorge east of the Wallowa's and onward into Denver.  Had my food in Denver, and watched the whole Star Wars movie and it ended just as we were coming into Pittsburgh.  Got my bag, ran out the door and was on the bus, like clock work.  The universe takes care of me.  Iris picked me up per usual spot and she walked me up to Dad's apt and let me in.  Dad was sleeping, but woke up to say goodnight and greet me.  What a life !
Wednesday 06
Packed Dad's dishes in the morning, then went over to the council for jewish women to take some stuff for donation, afterwards we hit TJ's and then Dad went to the eye doctor with Iris and I went for a big walk past CMU campus, across the golf course to Marilyn's house then past Mina Kavalier's house on Fair Oaks and back through Shadyside.  In a certain sense I feel completed on living here in Shadyside, so these final walks are just icing on the cake or a so called bonus time here.  Life is weird and amazing, and our time here is a nonlinear dream that we continue to create.
Thursday 07
Dad and I went to Home Depot to buy empty boxes for moving along with Whole Foods for some extra items.  We organized his storage shed for what we are going to move to Ppoint, abbreviation for Providence Point.  I rode the bike for the first time downstairs and got a handle on my heart rate when I am working out on the bike.
Friday 08
Went to see Nick Holland in the afternoon downtown with David Friedman too.  I went for a walk behind the new Tepper Building and over some streets then stopped by a few restaurants on the corner of Centre Ave.  It was a cold day, but comfortable for me.
Saturday 09
Helped dad clean out his storage shed, then went for a walk around the block.  Hb landed in Seattle safe and sound yesterday and is ready for her TK workshop today at 1pm.  She had a nice breakfast with Judith and Lilith.  Dinner at Ppoint with David and Larry, we had fun.  Afterwards we stopped at Kuhn's.  We got to see Dad's place for the first time.  Its very nice and the kitchen is BIG, very cool...
Sunday 10
Finished up the work in the storage shed, now the ball is in my court to take lots of stuff away.  In the afternoon I went over to get my cookie for the 2nd time at the turkish store along with buying mung dal beans which I made for dinner.  It was in the mid 50's today.  Upon entry of the building I spoke to Randy for awhile and the Bartholomaes's arrived from a 3 month journey to Spain.  They left around August 1 and were just getting back in town. 
Monday 11
Up at 4:10am just to make sure every thing goes according to plan with Dad.  Larry came by at 4:45am to pick dad up and I went down to the parking lot to see him off and get his cane out of the car.  My dad was cool as a cucumber both yesterday and today.  He is quite the amazing guy, and I guess at 87 you really don't have a lot to be worried about ?:)  I worked for awhile after being up so early.  Iris woke me at 9:30am to report that Dad was fine.  I also spoke to Hb in Seattle.  I got things together, went downtown to the storage shed, packed up and organized everything and took it over to the Jewish Women's Organization.  I then took a long drive out to Irwin via Greensburg Pike, Turtle Creek, Pitcairn, Trafford, and Road 993 to Irwin.  It was an interesting ride on a gorgeous day and I put in $10 worth of gas to boot.  I got home and then went back out and bought some Tahini, Halva, and Fig jam at my new favorite Turkish grocery store on Center Ave.  They also have yummy types of baklavah.  Spoke to Dad in the evening along with Larry, Iris and Hb who just got back from her Tom Kenyon Workshop.  She hung out with Dev in the afternoon in Portland and had a nice lunch at the Bagdad Theatre.  Hb got home around 5pm.
Tuesday 12
Dad came home from the hospital around 1pm; prior I went down and rode the bike for 3 miles.  Iris and I talked in the afternoon and had a nice time chatting about "life".  Dad is doing well and we had a nice dinner, he had a turkey burger.
Wednesday 13
Walk in the afternoon over to the Giant Eagle to pick up Dad's script.  Its a nice walk over there.  It was cold but sunny and clear.  Temps were around 30 which isn't too bad actually.
Thursday 14
Spoke to Robert Levin on the phone.  Hb got back her echocardiogram test results with flying colors.  I went for a walk up on the hill behind the house at 4pm, and rode the bike for 1 mile.  Dad took a shower today and I helped him with that.  It was a cold day, and by the time I came home I was ready from the cold.
Friday 15
Robert bought his house on Halloween in 2014, and today for the 1st time he took me to his back yard, but I did not go in the house.  Earlier in the day Dad and I did the food shopping circuit.  The weather today was fantastic, sunny and chilly.
Saturday 16
Got out late in the day as Will stopped by to help me make Dad's bed.  Did some packing of items on the book shelf along with go through some old pictures.  It was a good mellow day and I helped Dad pack his suitcase for Florida.  Its a good life here in Pittsburgh.
Sunday 17
Started packing up a big box of my stuff along with some clothes.  Nice talk with Harriet for her 92nd birthday a few days back.  Nice walk over the Chatham College, day was cool and I did not need gloves or a neck warmer.  Mike Giles sent me an email this morning, as he had not heard from me in awhile.  I did a one mile bike ride, as yesterday I had done 3 miles.  Spoke to Randy for awhile upon my return from a walk.  I have gotten to get to know him a bit better.
Monday 18
In the morning I did more packing, I packed up my suitcase.  At noon Iris picked up Dad and took him out to PP to pay his 350 dollar final payment.  I rode out to the Kiski School and Joe the security guard escorted me to the main building.  I then took the golf cart back to his shed and then I walked back to the admin building where I spoke to Frank about Kiski and their mission.  It is an all boys school.  Their tuition is 48k times about 210 students, they have a 10 million endowment.  Lawrenceville is 700 acres and their tuition is 62k per year.
Tuesday 19
Handed off my Ag and BBcards to Larry and Iris, its official, David can move forward with the cards and the Ag is unloaded on them.  We did some final clean up down in the storage shed and the movers are coming on Thursday for our BIG day.  After dark I went out for a walk up and down Castleman 2 times.  Larry and Iris were over prior wrapping up some loose ends as well...  Earlier in the day I did some more packing.
Wednesday 20
Great walk from CMU after dropping off all of my spare computer science books at the Gates Building Lounge area.  Some kids were hanging out there and I set all of the books down on a table and their were a couple of kids looking through them.  Then big walk on similar route in the park that Robert and I took.  We ended up at Robert's house and then I cut across to Murray Hill and down to 5th and across to Kentucky.  Earlier in the day we packed all day in anticipation of the movers coming tomorrow.
Thursday 21
Got bday cards from Scott, Jan and Boyd, Jerry and Scott Friedman.  Today was our big moving day.  Dale and his crew showed up at around 9:30am.  Dale and his partner Joe bought the warehouse from my Dad after he retired from R & J, and later on lost the building due to over expansion.  He subsequently went to work for Gardner moving and he brought his team in to move us.  The move went as smooth as could be.  The weather was warm and dry, and everything went off without a hitch.  Dad's new place rocks and everyone is very friendly.  We concluded after 3pm and was at Whole Foods by 4pm for my birthday dinner.  Afterwards we hit TJ's out there and then headed home into the tail end of the rush hour traffic. It was a big day.  We came back to an empty home without much furniture, but it will suffice until we go to Florida on Dec 10. 
Friday 22
Big day number 2 on the moving front.  We were up early and left the house around 9am to be out at Dad's new place by 10am for the Weiss Furniture moving truck.  I also learned today by talking to Ashley who works for the foundation about the history and mission of Baptist Homes Society.  This evening I read to Dad their values.  Afterwards we had a nice lunch of a salad and my sweet potato fries.  We then went to Ikea and Costco and drove home in the traffic around 4pm.
Saturday 23
Great day.  Barbara was here cleaning dad's house so I went out for a big walk around the park.  Robert took me there first, and then I went a few days back and today it all came together.  I had a fantastic lunch at the Taiwanese Cafe 33.  It was my 2nd time there and it was way better this time because I got the bean curd dish which was yummy.  I got home around 3pm.  We went down to the work out room because for the 1st time since I arrived home we had some people look at our condo for sale.  It started to rain late in the day as predicted and the timing on the rain could not have been better.
Sunday 24
Dad and I went out to Pp for lunch and then we matched all of the lampshades with the lamps that were out there.  I had the sweet potatoe fries for the 2nd time, and I think this time I am good on them.  I will try the french fries next time.  While we were eating lunch we watched a bit of the Steeler game.  On the way home we stopped at Staples for a filing drawer rod.  At home I met the Rock's down at the gym.  Their kids are coming to visit us on Wednesday to see the apartment.
Monday 25
Went for a walk in the afternoon around the park block, up to Robert's house, across Fair Oaks to Murray Hill, down to Fifth and Negley and back home on Kentucky.  This is a "long walk around the park block".  Earlier in the day we went to Costco and TJ's for some food shopping.  At Costco we looked for a mattress for Dad.
Tuesday 26
Dinner at Ruth Chris Steak House with DLI and Dad, we had a nice evening for my birthday.  Earlier I went for a walk around the short park block.  Up past the golf club and loop back around past Robert's house through the park and back across the lawn to CMU.
Wednesday 27
Took stuff to JNF and sent a package home book rate at the usps.com  Late in the afternoon I did my normal 5 mile bike ride downstairs.
Thursday 28
Providence Point after buying shelf lining paper at wmt.  I went for a walk after lunch down the hill on Green Commons Drive.  We drove home on the Parkway and was home before 5pm.  Iris picked us up at 6pm and we had a nice Thanksgiving dinner at her house with Larry and David.
Friday 29
Hb had a good day and took a full tablet last night so today was a blessing and well appreciated.  I went for a walk in the afternoon around the park block, it was cold but manageable.
Saturday 30
Back to Cafe 33, this time I had the bean curd dish along with the minced pork over rice.  Wow !  This place is one of my favorites restaurants on planet earth.  I left the house around 1pm, walked up through Chatham College and on to Shady and back home on Darlington Rd and down into the park.  I am learning my way around here and will finally be ready to move on.  Iris came over in the evening as David had a meeting at school.


December 2019


Sunday 01
Went out to Pp for possibly the last time.  Took most of the remaining gear and cleaned out my room of stuff.  We got out there, got organized and had a nice lunch.  The usual salad and fries.  Afterwards I went for my first real walk in the hood.  There is going to be some good walking out there so I am kind of excited to check out the area.  I had ice cream upon my return and then we had dinner out there too.  We drove home in the dark on the parkway and got tucked in here around 7:30pm which was cool.  It rained on the way home but it was pretty warm outside.
Monday 02
Not a great day, but not bad either.  We went to Target for a mattress pad and Home Depot for a picture box which we did not purchase.  In the afternoon I helped Dad with random stuff, Iris came over around 5:30pm and I went down and went for a bike ride.  I rode 6.1 miles, a new record for me.  I have been building up to this over almost the past month.
Tuesday 03
It was a good day.  We got up at 6am and I prepared in the morning for our 3pm meeting with Kristen from Grant Street.  I went for a nice long walk on a cold and cloudy but pleasant day and had a nice lunch at All India on N Craig Street just on the other side of Centre Ave.  I got back home and Kristen arrived soon there after.  She met with Dad first and then myself.  Afterwards I rode the bike for awhile and then Dad and I had a nice dinner.
Wednesday 04
Up early, got some work done then went back to sleep.  Took Dad out to Pp for a podiatrist appt then a nice lunch of our usual fries.  He got a lot done unpacking his kitchen gear.  I rode out to South Park while he had his appt.  I learned my way around out there more especially the 88S corroidor toward SP.  Its about 7 miles there from Pp.  Ride home was mellow on the parkway and then I walked around Cmu campus.  It was cold and windy but I enjoyed any way.
Thursday 05
Hb drove to Skyline for her catscan which she got the results for at the end of the day as was perfect.  In the morning Dad went to the bank to deposit Tchecks with mother's name on them.  In the afternoon Iris came over and we did some packing of the car for Florida.  I went for a nice walk up the hill and across the golf course and the normal route home on Fair Oaks down through just west of Chatham and home on Kentucky, which has been my route for weeks now.  It was a gorgeous afternoon, cold but clear.  The birds were out in force and continue to follow me around each afternoon as I meander the streets of Shadyside and Oakland.  Had a chat with Abbey Morrison in the garage who's Mom is in a wheel chair and has 24 hour care.
Friday 06
Tomorrow Bob South picks up the car so today we ran around and got stuff together for the car.  We went to TJ's for our last shopping trip here prior to leaving for Fl. on Tuesday.  First day since I arrived on Nov 05 that I did not go for a walk or ride the bike.  Instead I had a long talk with Johng and Pedro and by then Dad was yelling and screaming for me to help him with dinner and some other things.  But its all good, todo bien !.
Saturday 07
Up early to get ready for Bob South coming from the north, driving east and heading west.  By 11am we were ready for him with the car packed and ready to go.  By 1:30pm we did the hand off and Bob sailed off in to the sunset.  I went for a great walk to the end of Howe which smacks into the Ellis School, interesting.  Came home and Larry picked us up and we went out to Pp for dinner with David.  Iris drove us home.  A good day was had by all.
Sunday 08
Today I never left the house and worked most of the day on Rust lifetimes.  I don't usually write here what my work is about but this stuff is pretty cool.  Dad also reviewed with me today the family tree, how Reenie and Rand are related to us.  I rode about 4 miles on the bike.  It was actually quite warm outside as I went out for a second from the back door when walking around with riding the bike.
Monday 09
Never left the house, day 2.  Rode the bike and walked the halls and finished up my Rust work on lifetimes.  It rained all day and Dad and Iris went to Pp for the final time.  I checked in on Southwest at 3:20pm for our flight tomorrow to Fl at 3:20pm.
Tuesday 10
Iris came by around 11:30am and we left at 12:30pm.  In the morning I took stuff to the dumpster from the fridge.  Wow, what a journey, can't believe it was 5 weeks exactly in Pittsburgh.  We unloaded lots of Dad's stuff, and threw lots away.  Now phase 2 in Florida.  We have a nice place with fast internet.  The plane ride was 30 people on a big southwest plane.  Everything worked according to plan, and we were very well taken care of.  Its past 11pm and I am now going to bed.
Wednesday 11
Full day 1 in Fl.  Just like last year I loved Fl. when I was inside the confines of Pelican Sound and anytime I ventured out into Fl I was bummed out.  Same is true today.  The roads are an absolute mess and horrible.  The drivers are downright rude and the people not a whole heck of a lot better.  But inside the carlisle the concert master of the naples philharmonic played a variety of songs and I ate a bunch of shrimp, brie cheese and egg nog while talking to Phil who was an orthopaedic surgeon prior to having 2 strokes.  Phil was born in OK and has homes in London, Paris, South Africa, Singapore and HK.  And I hadn't talked to him for more than 5 minutes when he told me all of this.  Of course my ego went up too, and I told him about Michael Debakey and Denton Cooley upon which he asked me no questions.  We learned our way around the Carlisle, saw Greg who got us all set up and Jen who does our paperwork.  It was HOT here today, 85 degrees.  Wow, welcome to Fl.
Thursday 12
Today was a nice mellower day than yesterday.  I was feeling good and getting more into the Golda Meir book.  We went to lunch at Skillets for day 2 and I had my chicken tacos and dad had cheese blintzes which he liked.  We went to Bed Bath and Beyond and then Costco.  We also figured out the parking spot we wanted as well.  At around 7pm when Dad got back from dinner I went for a walk around the carlisle complex.  It had rained pretty hard and so it was pretty wet out, but I had a nice short walk around the place.  I don't like Fl, especially this area as it is just way too crowded and not really any redeeming factor.  Even the hot weather is not that great.  I like the tropical type climate, the latin people and hearing a bit of spanish here and there, but have not yet many any spanish speaking guests.  But today was better than yesterday, day 2, and I had a good day.
Friday 13
Another good day, I never left the compound and we had lunch here for the 1st time.  The employee appreciation party was today, and I had a long talk with loren rosenbach md class of 54 at pitt medical school.  his grandfather moved to NM in the early 1900's and died in NM in 1917 in the flu epidemic outbreak.  It was a cloudy day today, but I had a nice time here in florida.  Just before dusk around 5pm I walked for the first time outside of the compound.  I walked to Goodlette Frank Rd.  While crossing a side street into one of the compounds I was standing in the middle of a crosswalk and 2 cars kept going and did not stop for me to let me go; halfway in the cross walk looking at them.  That pretty much sums up Fl in a nutshell.  Beautiful place, some not so aware people, and way too many of them.  But I am making the best of my time here and having FUN !
Saturday 14
Marsha came over to our house as we were finishing breakfast.  She sat with us for a while but did not eat anything.  Afterwards she came up to her place and we gave her a few items we did not need.  She had provided us with lots of stuff when we moved in, but this was our first time seeing her since we arrived.  She had graciously busted her butt to get us set up.  Amazing.  The rest of the day was mellow.  She told us about Luckys Market so I went over there late in the day, and then went for a walk after walking Dad over to dinner.  I came back up here, after my walk, and made a quick dinner of salad, and then went to see the movie Scent of a Woman but left the movie towards the end as I have no tolerance for marginal at best movies.  It was really kind of stupid and not very believeable.  I arrived back at the room and Dad was sleeping.  My time in Fl is flying along, and soon I will be gone.  I don't like Florida.  I am not sure I have written that statement before, maybe last year in my notes.  The weather is nice and that is really all the good things I can say about it.  I am probably going to take next year off from coming here, but next year is many moons away.  Todo bien.
Sunday 15
Another gorgeous day in S. Florida.  We had a nice breakfast and then around lunch time we went to Costco, Skillets and Target.  In the afternoon I did my first walk across the street around the lake.  Very nice.  We went to see the movie Sleepless in Seattle which was a tear jerker, and I love those types of movies.
Monday 16
Big day at the Thrift stores around the corner of Airport and 41.  We had a nice lunch at a Mexican restaurant down there and then went to St. Matthews after lunch.  A lady who was dropping stuff off allowed me to snag a real nice backpack that I will use on my trip in NM on the next leg of my journey.  Came home and went for a walk and had some dinner.  It was a warm 85 degree day and all was todo bien.
Tuesday 17
First stop was Xfinity store, followed by Walmart, Costco and lunch at Skillets.  We had a good time signing up for comcast et al.  Late in the afternoon I went for a walk around the complex north of here and for the first time walked to the corner of Vanderbilt Beach and Airport Pulling.  Another warm 85 degree day in Fl.
Wednesday 18
First all cloudy day in Fl.  Dad went up to LexTech, had lunch with Marsha and bought a chair at Walmart.  I took a break today, took a nap in the morning, and around 1:30pm talked to Hb on the phone and walked over to the Thai restaurant near our house.  The restaurant was NOT very good, and I don't think I would go back there.  In the evening, I talked to Jim Sigman for about 90 minutes.  It is one of the longest talks we have had this year, and we talked about history in the context of the Incas, Aztecs, and Mayans and how Cortez fit into the picture.
Thursday 19
It was the first really chilly morning; but by afternoon it warmed up a bit.  I walked up Mill Run Rd for the first time and then over to the library for the first time and looked over the morningstar dividend select portfolio.  It was cloudy all day, but I like the clouds.
Friday 20
Hanukah service at 3:30pm followed by the library.  Earlier I went for a walk around the block (lake) across the street.  It was windy and a bit sunny today.
Saturday 21
Marsha came over for breakfast.  We went to hear some nice music at 1pm, it was a jewish guy who did a christmas music presentation with his wife who did the slides and he did the music.  He introduced each song and told us the history of the song.  He was heading out to Vietnam on Tuesday for one month.  I met Dad's friends Jerry and Davis; Jerry is from Maine.  Afterwards I did some work while Dad went to Costco.  It was a cloudy day today, and I went for a walk before dark around the block.
Sunday 22
It rained all day, except for the short time when I went out around 4pm.  I got a nice short walk in up Yarberry lane and saw the backside of the pond which I see from the Carlisle side but did not know where I was looking.  Started packing in the evening to go to Abq.  Also this morning around 6am I booked a hotel reservation in Abq for my afternoon arrival on Christmas day.  It was a mellow day today but I am feeling good.
Monday 23
Up early and called Hb at 3am her time for her journey with Pedro down to the Eugene airport and on to Denver to be with Luke, Ashley and the kids.  In the morning I went to Lucky's market to get some bananas, apples, and sweet potatoes.  Afterwards I came home and then went for a walk over to the spot where the farmer's market was the other day.  Its a big shopping center with lots of stuff.  I stopped by the gluten free bakery and got a big ol huge monster brownie of which I had a couple of small bites for around 6 bucks.  Came back home, and Dad was playing bridge.  I cooked some lunch and ate it and then went back out for a shorter walk.  It was sunny outside, but just as I came to the end of my walk a bank of clouds rolled in and it started raining about 30 minutes later.
Tuesday 24
My final day in Florida was sunny and warm.  I went for a final walk around the block, or lake.  Walked over to the shopping center, read the Naples magazine in front of the fountain and walked hom.  Dad had Johnny and Jorge install his TV, new light fixture and chair.  So its all good.  I changed Hb's reservation to come home on Saturday instead of Friday.
Wednesday 25
Got up around 5am and could not go back to sleep but layed in bed till about 6am.  I started hauling my luggage down to the car.  My final morning in Florida was warm as I took the baggage out to the car.  Made some oatmeal which wasn't fully cooked so I reheated it in the microwave with my bananas.  Drove to the airport.  Left at exactly 8:15am and Dad and I discussed Google Docs.  He is into it, and finally now understands what a file is.  Very cool.  Got to the airport around 9am, security line was light but they took my hand cream, no biggie.  I worked for an hour at the airport on Tantivy and around 10:20am started getting things ready for the flight.  It is only appropriate that I am reading Georgia Okeefe as I am going to NM.  Sat next to 2 nice sisters from OK; one lives in Dallas and the other Portland.  Had a lay over in Dallas at Love Field and the flight out to NM was lovely.  I had a window seat and the flight was like I remembered it.  Only difference is now there are lots of windmills.  Last time I flew that route 20 years ago or less there were none.  Times they are a changing.  Got to see the eastern side of the Sangres heading up to Raton and as we approached Abq the clouds kicked in, but they held off until we got here.  I had a nice dinner at the airport.  I got the huevos with green chile and I ate some of my rice with the meal along with honey, ketchup, and chips and salsa.  I got a ride over to my hotel, the Baymont Wyndam by an uber / lyft driver.  So it all worked out.  I have a nice room that is warm, nice and quiet.  So I am happy.  Spoke to Iris, Dad, Hb, Jason and Rand and Sima all tonight.  It feels good to be back home in NM.  And I caught the sunset just as I was arriving at the hotel.
Thursday 26
First full day in NM and it was great !  It was sunny, clear, and warm all day with chilly nights.  I hung out in the morning at the hotel and had a nice breakfast.  They came and picked me at for the car around noon and I was at the bank for the sdb around 1:30pm.  Afterwards I went to the Mesquite market on 4th and got a big bowl of menudo along with my cheese and brought it back to the hotel and had a nice lunch.  From there I rode over to the UNM campus and walked around for awhile and then Sima called and I went over to their house.  Sima is doing great and she is home for the holidays from LA.  We went over to Rich and Susan's for a nice intimate gathering.  Their new house is lovely and right across the street from the coop.  They are just in the process of moving here.  Being at the market this afternoon and driving around ABQ makes me almost feel like I am in Mexico.  I love this place, and its great to be back home for a few weeks in the winter to hang out.
Friday 27
Early in the morning I went through a bunch of sdb documents and cleaned some stuff up.  Then I started working on 1994 as my first year of transcribing my written diary over to electronic.  It was the year that I came back from Chicago having left in October of 1993.  Had a nice lunch with Jason and Munchies at the Range.  Then over to the Bernalillo library with Nick.  We hung out for awhile at the library and talked.  Afterwards I stopped by John Zeuli's house.  We talked until dusk and then I swung by the coop in Nob hill and came home.  We had birthday cake for Kristen at the Range as her bday is tomorrow.  She will be 7 as she was born in 2012.
Saturday 28
Big day with my sdb stuff that I picked up on Thursday.  Today was the day that I organized all of the writing material into years.  I don't know how it got that way, but I had a big pile of papers that were hanging out in that brown folder for years.  Probably since I bought my house and got a sdb back in 2000.  I bought my house in 1999.  I don't ever remember putting all of the stuff into one big pile but it lay that way for probably 20 years, so today was the day to throw a bit of stuff away but mainly to get it organized.  Also, in parallel, I am going to throw away one book which is the original New Yorker book that Sarah gave me for year 1994.  That is the first year that I actually wrote stuff in a book, and Sarah did a few entries for me as well when we were hanging out together.  Once the 1994 book has been copied over, I am going to toss that book.  It will be the only book I toss, because my bag is full, and that is the thing that gets sacrificed, plus I have everything in electronic form now in c94.  The other years will follow suit eventually, but it felt good to get things tucked into my new red and black backpack that I got in Florida at St. Matthew's House as the lady was donating stuff I asked her if she didn't want the bag and she kindly offered it to me.  So I have a nice backpack to take my stuff home in.  It will get transferred eventually to some other place, but for now it will sit in that bag.  At about 1pm I headed out.  First stop was El Sabor de Juarez and then Helen's Bakery, both places that Jason recommended to me yesterday when I was over at his house and we went out to lunch at the Range.  So I swung by both places along with a couple of new places including Christy Maes where I parked my car, and the Vietnamese place across the street which is very nice as well.   I went for a walk around there, got a cookie at Helen's bakery, oh no.... and then headed over towards the Ridge Crest area and ran into Ridgecrest drive.  I was kind of looking for it, but was not really sure where it was.  So I had a real nice walk from the Ridgecrest Park at Laurel Circle.  When I started out on my walk it was cold and windy, but as I walked down Sierra Drive towards Lead, Coal, and Central it finally started to warm up, so much so, that by the time I walked back up the hill from Central I was starting to warm up quite a bit.  I came back to our hotel and waited for Hb to arrive from Denver.  I have been talking to her all day, and we even checked in this morning, as the weather was a bit dicey in Denver, and actually last night Michele got a message that folks could change their tickets for free for fear of a winter storm "advisory" which luckily did NOT materialize.  I also stopped at a Thrift Store across from Helen's bakery where I bought a glass pyrex bowl with a nice lid.  I will use that this week to heat up my food in the microwave we have which is really handy.  Hb's plane got in at 6:30pm, it was one hour late, but she arrived and the snow in Denver was as not as serious as they had at first predicted.  We had a nice dinner at the Flying Star. I had a salad and Hb had fish tacos which were yummy.  When I went to get Hb from the hotel it was pouring down snow and the car was covered in snow in less than one hour.  Luckily it stopped snowing after picking up Hb.  We walked around Nob Hill a bit and went home as it was pretty cold outside.
Sunday 29
Drove over to Jason's house and hung out with Nick, Abel, and Jason.  Afterwards we swung by and picked up some ristras at the store on 550.  From there we went to Richie and Susan's house warming party.  Gary, Valerie, Ken, Julie, Tessie, Sima, and Rand were all there and we ate some really yummy food.  Afterwards we walked from their house over to my house along the ditch.  The light was magnificent and this time of year in NM is so stunning, but it was cold and slightly windy so there was a major chill in the air to say the least.  The outside of my house looks great, and Diana did a super job and the current folks living there are keeping things up nicely.  Came home to our warm comfy house afterwards, as tonight is supposed to be under 20 degrees.
Monday 30
Started the day out with Gabe coming to our room around 10am.  We went over to Sabor de Juarez for breakfast w/ Gabe.  It was very nice seeing him.  I have not seen him since before we left for Corvallis in March of 2014.  Afterwards we stopped by Hb's bank to get a new debit card, and I swung by my 2 banks in abq as well while she was waiting for her card.  Afterwards we went to Rand's and went for a walk on the open space with Tessie, Sima and Rand.  It was a gorgeous day, not nearly as cold as yesterday, with hardly any wind.  The open space near Rand's house is very nice.   We had a nice early dinner at their house of fish tacos and afterwards lit the Hanukah candles.  It was great spending time with them.  Afterwards we stopped by the coop to pick up some apple cider for Nancy's house for tomorrow evening, which is New Year's Eve.
Tuesday 31
The final day of the year was a good one.  We started out at Jason's house, I went for a walk in Bernalillo from the Range and Hb had a nice lunch with Munchies and Jason.  My walk in Bernalillo was very nice, mellow, and sunny NM style.  Afterwards we swung by Office Depot and I dropped off some shred stuff from my sdb I picked up a week ago.  Then we headed over to Nancy's house @ 2pm for a nice early New Year's Eve dinner of chicken and mushroom and yummy potatoes.  She has a beautiful home in the south valley, it was my first time there.  We got home just at dark, which was perfect.  I had an OK year, and look forward to another healthy year in 2020.  Stay tuned !:)