January 2020


Wednesday 01
We walked 6.2 miles today, first with John, and then on our own after a nice lunch at Flying Star.  Started out the year with a nice hike with John Zeuli on the bosque ditch trail just past the Alameda Bridge.  Michele, John, and I kicked off the New Year by stopping by his house, and John showed Michele around his lovely home.  We walked with Santos on the ditch till 1pm.  Then Hb and I went over to Flying Star in the North Valley and I had a salad and Hb had a green chile cheese hamburger, and I had some tortillas.  Afterwards we walked in the north valley along the ditch behind Dietz Farm.  My old stomping grounds for walks Hb and I took for years from my house.  Got home just around sunset, and the New Year is now blessed.  "I am sorry, please forgive me, thank you, I love you !"
Thursday 02
We stopped by a Thrift store, the Salvation Army,  on Silver and we bought an extra suitcase for $4, so that Hb can take home her blanket and check an extra bag on Southwest.  Afterwards we had a nice lunch with James Rospopo at Duran's Firehouse.  Afterwards we walked around Old Town.  We first stopped by Hotel Chaco, wow !  What a place.  I read a book for awhile on the Rio Grande published in 2011 called The Rio Grande: An Eagles View.  Got home around 4pm and did our laundry.
Friday 03
Up early, left for Santa Fe around 9am, got there at 10:15am and parked off Canyon Rd.  This is our new favorite parking spot in Santa Fe.  Hb went to her store and I walked around the plaza and downtown.  We went to Scott's house around noon.  We hung out there for awhile, Scott showed me his new 3d printer and satellite tracking device that he built from scratch, very cool.  We had a nice Mexican lunch at the DeVargas mall.  Came back to Scott's house and went for a walk around the loop with the dogs.  Drove home in the blazing sun right in our eyes.  Went to Jason's house and hung out, I took Badge for a big walk over to the church across 20th street.  The final light of day appeared off in the distance.  We stopped by the COOP on the way home to get Hb some pear apple juice for the morning.  She is going to Judith's house for a woman's group.
Saturday 04
Day started out by taking Hb over to Nancy's house, I then did a nice drive south and then west on Rio Bravo to Atrisco Vista Blvd and then the western edge of the Petroglyph National Monument all the way to where Paseo del Norte meets this road.  So I did a big loop around Abq by 10am.  I then went by the Mezquite Market for a nice batch of frijoles and mini tortillas and their garnishes including hot green chiles, yum !  From there I drove over to the Guadalupe church near my house.  I parked there and walked over to my house, walked to the end of the street and then had a nice long talk with Vivian Cordova.  He is now 83 and was born in 1936.  He moved into his house in 1975 prior to our 3 houses being built including Anita, the first house and mine.  Afterwards I walked up Van Cleave, then up the Griegos Lateral and over to the back side of my ditch.  I did a big loop and then over to Vecinos and back on that ditch back to the church.  I basked in the sun sitting in the car and called Pedro and we had a nice talk.  It was a warm day, I don't know how warm but it was in the 50's at least especially at 1pm.  Hb called and I headed back home and then we went over to the Ridgecrest neighborhood and went for a walk.  Afterwards we went to the Flying Star for a nice Cobb salad, French fries and our homemade thousand island dressing.  We then walked around Nob Hill briefly and stopped by an art gallery which was cool.  We got home at dark and a nice sunset and a good day was had by all.
Sunday 05
Great day all around !  Sun, sun, sun...  Started out in the South Valley at the end of the road, 2nd street that is... We walked adjacent to the Natl Wildlife Refuge in the hood just to the south of it...  Take the 2nd street to the end and you will find it.  Then on to Mezquite Market for a big lunch of food and green chiles.  Yum !  Hb ate too many hot green chiles and got heart burn at Rand's and had to take 2 tums.  We hung out with Rand for awhile, then Tessie, Hb and I went for a walk on the open space.  Afterwards we went to Nob Hill and walked around.  First we hit Whole Foods on Carlisle, and ate some candy and then parked at the COOP, our normal spot, and walked over to Kelly's Brew Pub and Kevin gave us a big tour of the bar and we talked to him for about one half hour.  Then the Peruvian restaurant and Hb talked to the owner's brother about Machu Pichu, then on to the masksymas.com.  We got home after dark, a good day was had by all...
Monday 06
We drove out to Placitas first thing and arrived at the house around 10am.  We went for a nice hike down into the arroyo and down to Bill Patterson's house, made a left and headed back up the hill and around the block.  We loved being back home in Placitas.  Afterwards we went by the winery and hung out with Barb and Ty who recently bought the winery after Jim Fish's passing.  They also recently bought the adjacent house.  Then on to Judith Roderick's house and Meg was there too.  We had a nice big bowl of posole, I brought tortillas, and Judith had a salad too.  It was a beautiful afternoon at her house.  We finished off the day at Jason's and I took Badge for a walk.  Through the church property, cross the main drag and into another compound neighborhood.  Got back and Hb and I drove to Thai Vegan off Osuna.  Nancy came over we got home and hung out with us for awhile in our hotel room.
Tuesday 07
Great day up in the Jemez.  Left our hotel at 9am and was up there around 10.  First stop was a nice walk at the Jemez pueblo in the red rock mini canyon and in the sun next to the big wall of red rocks.  Magical great energetic feeling.  From there we went to have a nice lunch in Jemez Springs.  I had a big bowl of black beans and Hb and battered cod with pecan pie for dessert.  We met Mike there who knew Glenn Larson and the lady who worked there looked up Glenn's number.  Also, earlier in the day Hb accidentally called Pam's sister Glen and she invited us over to her new house with Joe.  We stopped off there on the way home but they were not there.  After lunch we went for a really nice walk along the river on the other side of the bridge.  The day was spectacularly beautiful and as majestic as our day in Lakeview this autumn when we sat on the Ca / Or line and looked across the valley.  I love NM.  This has been one of our best vacations ever.  Hope to be able to come back here more often.
Wednesday 08
Breakfast @ 8:30am.  We hung at our place until Southwest checkin at 11am.  Then we headed over to another very nice lunch with James Rospopo at Duran's Firehouse just west of Washington on Menaul.  We took Washington over to Menaul from Coal, and we are learning our way around Abq better.  We passed Marty O's house on Washington driving towards Menaul.  After lunch we went to Hb's chocolate store on Edith just south of Paseo.  Hb got some chocolate, we then headed over to the COOP, parked the car, and went for a walk back up the ditch.  A repeat performance of what we did the Sunday afternoon after Ritchie's party only this time it was much warmer.  That Sunday afternoon was the coldest walk we went on during the whole trip.  We then dropped the car off at Enterprise, and they gave us a ride back to our house.  We had some beans and avocados for dinner in the glass bowl with a lid we acquired at the Thrift store at the beginning of the trip.  We will hopefully use that bowl going forward when we go on car vacations.  Lots of packing to do in the evening, as we had to pack up our extra suitcase we purchased for $4 a week ago including all of my sdb stuff I retrieved day 1 of my trip on Dec 26.
Thursday 09
Up at 6:30am, breakfast at 7:30am, the shuttle took us to the airport at 8:30am, we left Abq at 11am, and had a nice lunch at the Oakland Airport of a wild rice salad with vegetables from Peet's coffee.  The flight up the coast and over the Cascades was lovely and the clouds dreamy.  Once you get north of the Bay area its pretty rural.  We got our bags and sat there for about 30 minutes then headed outside into the not to cold weather and waited under the heaters for Groome Transportation.  I gave the guy a $10 tip and Pedro took us home.  I marvel at air travel still at age 59; life mostly works --- amazing !
Friday 10
Day 1 back at home and I am bouncing off the walls happy.  Boyd was the first one over at 9am, followed by Phoenix at around 10am.  My car battery was dead, no big deal.  I did the trash as today was a trash day.  Hb went to the COOP, and I hung at home.  Late in the day I took a walk over to Phoenix's house and had a nice dish of coleslaw.  Hb followed suit and showed up afterwards.  Hb went to Kirtan in the evening with the girls.  It was a pretty rainy day, but on my walk the sun was out briefly.
Saturday 11
First day back to the indoor Farmer's market.  It was the first one and we were there along with Luke Beene, Ken, and Dave, Annette Mills husband.  We told him about NM.  Afterwards we swung by the Dizzy and Hb got a cookie but the line was too long so we took off and did our shopping circuit {Winco, TJs, VC}.  Got home and Bob got my battery charged up and I took it for a spin at dusk.  Hb went to a potluck at Ildi's and then on to a movie.
Sunday 12
Dev came over in the afternoon and hung out, I cooked in the morning and early afternoon for our potluck at 4pm on Dry Farming.  It was one of the best most inspirational talks I have ever attended given by Amy Garrett and Nate from Sunbow.  Wow, it will totally guide and mentor my future growing of plants in my garden; specifically water management and less watering over time.
Monday 13
Phoenix came over early and we hung out while Hb went to the dentist.  In the afternoon we went downtown to get the mail from our trip and walked around for awhile over to campus.  Came back here and I did my first winter walk of the year in the park and around back up through WL.  The island was almost covered.
Tuesday 14
Hb went for a walk with Dev and as I was walking over to Pedro's to do the bike transfer I saw Hb and Dev coming back from their walk.  So I moved the first bike and then Hb and I moved the 2nd bike back home.  Now all of the bikes are back at our house.  Afterwards I cleaned out the garage and then took some mail over to the PO.  Patrick and Juniper came over in the evening.
Wednesday 15
Mellow day followed by sauna and pot luck at Lee's out at Earth Rising.  It was Sole's birthday tambien.  It was a beautiful afternoon as we left here around 3pm in the rain as it had just started.  We love going out there, and this time was as good as it gets.  We are blessed to be able to hang out at Earth Rising.  We met Donnie and Candice who moved out there a few months back and have 4 children ages 2 - 9, really cute kids and great to see the next generation showing up at Earth Rising.
Thursday 16
Hb and I went for a walk just after noon around the block.  Ken came over later and trimmed our fig tree.  I gave him $10 for 10 minutes of work.
Friday 17
Went to pick up bread at Kirsten's late in the day.  In the evening we went to Will and Kathy's for Will's 70th birthday party.  It was a nice small gathering, and at the end of the evening we had a nice discussion about life.  I met Miguel or Michael who is Renee's housemate for the first time.  He grew up in Klamath Falls.
Saturday 18
At 2pm we headed over to the library for the 2nd concert in the guitar series.  This might be our 3rd year going to this at the library and it was very good.  Cameron O'Connor played a series of nice songs on his guitar.  After the library it was misting.  We came home and I went outside and planted all of the branches that Ken trimmed back the other day when he trimmed our fig tree.  I think it might work as its only been 2 nights out and it had not frozen in the past 2 nights and the cuts still looked good for planting.
Sunday 19
Hb and I went food shopping at Walmart for Baking Powder, then TJs and VC.  Home briefly, then back out to the Sunday concert at 3pm for 2 women playing, at cookie time we had a long talk with Jim, our buddy from the 3rd Thursday Art Walk and then we did a long walk around the hood of the church and over to 27th back and forth.  Then we got a text message from Reenie and we met at the Planet for dinner with Will, Johng, and Michael.  We hung out till like 8pm and talked about electric cars, future electric airplanes and seeing lights from Albany to Eugene at 1500 feet and seeing the headlights of cars and seeing the curvature of the Earth from that angle.  Will and I can get going sometimes and tonight was one of those rare nights of enthusiasm and inspiration while Johng and Michael participated.
Monday 20
Left for OSU on the bus before 10am.  Walked over to the bus stop on Bethel.  Had a nice breakfast at the Alumni Center and Ed Ray thanked us for coming.  The talk was great by Raquel Willis.  Afterwards we walked over to the MU and sat on the couch for awhile.  Then we caught the bus home.  Hb went back out for a walk with Dev.  She ended up walking 8 miles today.
Tuesday 21
Went for a walk early in the day just after breakfast and saw Pedro on his bike in WL.  Came home and cooked for tonight as Bob is coming over.  We had a great dinner with Bob and for me the crab legs Patrick gave us yesterday, combined with the wild salmon from TJ's and our favorite corn bread with blueberries topped the whole night off.
Wednesday 22
Hb went to Maria's for a reading.  Late in the afternoon I did trash and then raked some pine needles in the side yard and then went for a short walk around the block.
Thursday 23
Talk in the evening at the Old World Deli by Trevor Walraven who at 14 years of age killed someone and came by tonight to talk about reforming the criminal justice system in OR so future generations of kids don't need to go through what he went through.  Earlier in the day I spoke to Iris about Grant Street.
Friday 24
Lunch with Pedro at the Dizzy.  We had a nice B-day party at Debbie Kileen's house off 49th near Bina's house.  I helped Anya out find the place over the phone.
Saturday 25
We walked 3.6 miles on Kiger Island and met Toby who bought the house we looked at on the corner.  Afterwards we came home and had lunch and Hb had Ildi and Dev over for a meditation with Mama Maga and I worked outside trimming back some blackberries in the side yard on the path and took away the old fennel plants that had been there since last autumn.  I talked to Steve for awhile and he told me about his journey to China and Thailand.
Sunday 26
Kobe Bryant died today in a plane crash.  Pedro came over in the morning and hung out with us for a few hours.  He is leaving next weekend for Ojai.  He helped me figure out all I had to do was pump up my wheel barrow tire.  Afterwards we went to TJ's, VC, and the COOP.  Came home and made corn bread with lots of blueberries.  Hb went to Gloria's house for a gathering and I went for a walk over to the waterplant and walked back and forth 3 times up and down the driveway.  It was chilly and threatened rain but nothing materialized.
Monday 27
Real crappy, rainy day with lots of wind too.  This is by far the worst day of the winter since we got back home from NM.  Jan came over around 2pm to hang out with us.  We had not seen her since we got back as she left on her trip for 2 weeks the day we got home, and she got back last Thursday.  It was great to catch up with her.  I never left the house today as it never stopped raining from the morning.  I have not seen weather like this in Oregon in awhile, as last year I left in early February and got back at the end of April.
Tuesday 28
Dentist in the morning w/ Jenny followed by the Grocery Depot.  I rained non-stop yesterday and this morning but cleared this afternoon and the sun came out and we walked 5.4 miles.  The river was cresting just below the top of the island and we went down to the dock and it almost hit the road.
Wednesday 29
Hb went to Independence to the Pink Cafe with Anya to meet with Marie.  I dropped off my annual test at the PO just like I do every year.  I then swung by TJ's and VC.  In the afternoon I got my oil changed and hit the library reading about E Oregon and Idaho.  Hb and I went for a walk over to Michael and Cheryl's and hung out with Michael for a bit then walked down to the land.  It was raining but very nice.  On the way we saw Mushroom, Linda and Mark for the first time since I was back.
Thursday 30
Hb went to breakfast with Kathy Lorenson, then came home and we cleaned the house and did laundry.  In the afternoon we went for a walk the back way over to WL and saw Greg along the way.  We then continued on to the river and back up through the park.  It was a nice day, and we were happy to get a walk in with no rain.  I had a nice talk with Dad in the evening about his challenges of his new environment, living with other old people and directly interacting with their stories on a daily basis.
Friday 31
Friday at noon concert series at OSU with David Mayfield.  I caught the 11am bus and met him at the MU at 11:30am.  We watched the concert and then walked out to 53rd.  I took the bus home and Minday, Izzy, and Juniper were at the bus station.  We hung out for awhile.  It was a nice day, no rain and warm for this time of year.


February 2020


Saturday 01
Hb went to the UU for her monthly healing drumming group and I went to Walmart to pick up my long underwear then on to Winco to buy some gluten free flour.  Came home and did some blackberry cut back at the end of the street and then I made some gluten free bread.
Sunday 02
Awoke this morning to an email from Kathabela of B's passing.  She was out at our home with Liz in the autumn.  Lunch in Lebanon at Conversion Brewing.  We really enjoyed sitting on the back roads to Lebanon and looking at the grass fields and the lambs.  Spent the afternoon with Tim Dehne at his new house.  He moved out there June 21.  We spent the afternoon with him, walked over to the covered bridge and met his neighbor Jessica who has 9 children.  Then met his neighbor across the street called Ivan, but he is not terrible.  We loved Tim's home, being with him, being out in Scio, and being in the WV.  We love OR, and having a nice Sunday with Hb could not have been better.
Monday 03
Hb went to the altar for Beatrice at Renee's land with Dev, and Naj.  At 11am the service was held to help B pass on to the next phase in our much bigger picture.  Late in the day I hacked down some blackberries in the new garden space at the end of Powell.  It will be the first time that we start growing stuff there.  It was a cold afternoon.  In fact the coldest afternoon since we returned from NM.
Tuesday 04
Great potluck in the evening at Cheryl and Michael's.  This year they decided to have a first Tuesday of the month potluck each month in the off season.  It was very nice and everyone was there.  Earlier I had a good talk with Nick.  Its the first time I spoke to him since returning home from NM.  Today was cold.  Pedro made it down to southern Ca safe and sound.
Wednesday 05
Got outside mid afternoon and finished up the blackberry demolition work in the front of the man cave.  Got it done, tucked in, and even planted some fava beans.  Nice to start a project about a week back and see it done today.
Thursday 06
Great walk this morning after breakfast through the park.  It was sunny and we were happy.  Came home and did the trash for tomorrow.  In the evening we went to LaSells for David and Lottie's art opening.  We hung out with them, along with Jim Kline and Will.  At the end of the evening Will, Jim, Hb and I hung out with Tina and she told us about her job at OSU.
Friday 07
Our neighbor Jen came by to discuss putting up a fence for her dog.  In the evening we helped at OddFellows for the Eco Film Festival on Salmon and Orca Whales.
Saturday 08
Long talk with Steve in front of his house about Jen and the fence.  He came up with some brilliant insights about this circumstance and for a minute or 2 the skies opened up and poured on us; and we just kept chatting.  I love life, thank you Steve for giving me some humble and humourous perspective on this topic.  In the morning I started working on taxes.  Hb and I both got logged in and up and running.  At dusk we walked over to the river and met Chala who lives in the new remodeled house on Ryan.  He is a black man from Ethiopia and runs a Foster home in that house.  We ran into Ken V. on our way home just as we crossed Marion on Ryan.  He had come by our house to say hi.
Sunday 09
Luckiamute hike in the early afternoon with sun, followed by a mexican meal in albany.  the day was chilly, but sunny.  we walked about 3.6 miles.
Monday 10
Nice walk over to the water company.  Along the way we spoke to Mark Sherman and he showed us his electric bike.  It was sunny today, and that made me happy.  Earlier I had a nice talk with Jeff Mankoff.  His house was bolled over by a tornado last year, and he lost lots of gorgeous trees.  Big bummer.
Tuesday 11
Hb went to Finley with Dev and I went for the same walk as yesterday over to the water company.  Earlier I made a yummy gluten free bread, I am getting good at this, this time with some raisins.
Wednesday 12
Phoenix was walking down our street just as I went outside around 2pm to go for a walk with Hb.  Together we walked over to the park and sat by the river.  Phoenix realized he was missing his glove so we walked back to his house retracing our steps looking for his glove.  Along the way we saw Tal and Miriam fertilizing their apple trees.  It was great hanging out with Phoenix.  He had not been feeling good for awhile so it was nice to be outside with him.  Afterwards we stopped by Shari's to pick up my leeks.  I got the leeks out of the fridge and left the money in my receipt.  We got home around 5pm.  Anya came over in the evening to hang out with Hb instead of going to a movie at the Darkside.
Thursday 13
Went on 2 walks today, one in the morning by myself over to WL and one in the afternoon with Hb.
Friday 14
Dizzy Hen for lunch followed by a walk around Philomath.  Week Two of working at the Oddfellows Eco Film Fest.  Tonight I worked the door with Ralph's wife and then I watched the movie.  Afterwards I washed all of the glasses and the popcorn bowls.  Bob Lind worked there tonight and I gave Bonnie one hundred.
Saturday 15
Never left the house today.  Helped Dad order a 3 wheeled walker at Walmart on line, and worked on my taxes day 2.  Hb went to the UU for a prayer circle at 11am.
Sunday 16
Walk from Natural Grocer's up to Kings and back.  It was a sunny sunday afternoon.  Shopped there, and then went over to the library for a celtic concert from 3 - 4:30pm.  Dinner at Laughing Planet.  We saw Dinna Fash Celtic Trio.
Monday 17
Phoenix came over early and we hung out.  Patrick stops by as I am going out the door to meet David for a hike on Cardwell Hill.  Gorgeous sunny perfect day.  Had some tea at David's house afterward and then stopped by TJ's on the way home.  Lottie was in Palm Springs visiting with her friend.  I got about 30 points today on HN today on a documentary about Evan Yue of Vue.js fame, it was a good day.
Tuesday 18
Started the day off with my annual test for KP.  They lost the first one, so this is take 2.  Got down the whole procedure now, and its not so bad.  Stopped by the coop on the way home from the PO and got some greens.  In the afternoon I cleaned up my blackberry pile and Hb and I went for a walk over to the water company.  It was sunny all day and we were happy.  I had a nice talk with Dad and Jerry had come into town to visit him.
Wednesday 19
Hb and I went to OSU for a nice free lunch of tacos in the MU.  They had a big dinosaur bone when you walked in.  Afterwards we went for a big walk and meandered back to the bus stop in front of Fred Meyer on Kings.  I got home and cleaned all of the gutters out.  I had done it previously on a very warm autumn day before the rains came and after a few leaves had fallen from the trees.  So this time through was not too bad.  It was a gorgeous sunny day all day today, very sweet day was had by all.  Bob is going to Hawaii tomorrow morning for 2 weeks back no March 5.
Thursday 20
In the evening I went to a talk at the library on new trails in Corvallis, including a new adjacent trail to the McDonald Forest in Starker.  Also learned about Cape Mountain 4 miles north of Florence, and Shotgun Creek in Crawfordsville.  Earlier in the day Hb and a I went out for a nice walk to the river.  We hung out with Sapora on the bench.  She had her Gary Fisher bike.
Friday 21
Talk with Eli at 1pm.  It was our first talk in several years.  He is looking for a job.  In the evening we went to work at Oddfellows for the the 3rd movie in a series.  We worked all 3 movies, the last one being on Climate change.  The first one was about blowing up dams in Idaho to help the salmon, and the 2nd one was about how beaver dams help the environment.  Yesterday and today was gorgeous and sunny.
Saturday 22
Birthday party at Dhara's house for her 60th birthday.  She lives with her parents and her sister on the corner of Tyler and 36th.  It was a real nice family gathering and we got some insight to their world.  Father was an artist and taught in business school.  Mom was spunky with lots of life.  Sister had lived in New Orleans and moved back to Corvallis 4 years ago.  All very interesting stories.  Joe Martines was there along with a few khirtan folks.  Its a good life.  Came home and moved some of Steve's dirt to the new garden on the east side of the path going into the cave.  Then planted a bunch of sun chokes that I dug up from the front yard row.  We are going to have sunchokes every where in a few more years.  Might do one more batch of moving sunchokes or two.  See how things develop.  In the morning I did some taxes, I am getting close to being finished.
Sunday 23
Made a round of my delicious gluten free bread, it keeps getting better.  Hb and I went to wmt for tortillas and some dish scrubbers.  Came home and went for a walk at dusk.  It was a bit of a rainy day today.  Sharon arrives this Thursday.
Monday 24
Phoenix came over in the late morning to hang out.  Around 3pm he came and picked us up and took us to Happy Losar which is the Tibetan New Year.  It was our first time at Lama Tsering Gyalsten Rinpoche's house.  It was beautiful for the New Year.  His wife was very kind as well.  Janine, Naj, Dev, Linda Sebring, Renee, Kathy Miller, and Antonia were there.  We had a nice time and it was a beautiful sunny afternoon.  Spring is in the air and we are happy that it was a sunny day.  We have gone to two very nice parties at a family style gathering.  Being at Dharma's party on Saturday with her family and then today with the lama was magical.
Tuesday 25
Day 1 of the fence project on Jens land.  Met Eric W Dietrich in the morning.  He is a very cool guy.  In the afternoon Hb and I went for a walk around the park and back up through Xigam land.  In the evening we went to Renee's birthday party at Kathy's house.  It was a very nice evening and also for Mardi Gras tambien.  The party turned out to be very nice, even though I wasn't that excited to go initially, as we have been to lots of parties recently.
Wednesday 26
Nice walk with Ken in the afternoon around the park.  Hb got a new dyson vacuum cleaner from Jason.  Had a nice talk with David Friedman in the evening.  He is starting his first job out of college at Federated this Monday March 2.  Mindy and I went for a walk around the short block after talking to Steve about the new fence going up on Jen's land.  Eric, the guy doing the work is very cool.  So it is turning out to be an OK project afterall, although initially we were a bit bummed out.
Thursday 27
Sharon arrived today around 2pm.  Eric Dietrich kept going on the fence.  Early this morning we met with him and Steve to discuss the plan.  This evening we saw Jen Brown as she is a Board member of the Greenbelt Land Trust.  Just before we left she was walking her dog checking out the fence job Eric was doing.
Friday 28
We went out to Inavale farm with Sharon and walked up the hill past the horses.  We crossed over to the next property and kept going.  A very nice spot indeed.  Checked it out on Google maps and the access point for our walk was from over on Evergreen Road.  Very cool to learn our way around here better.  In the evening Sharon gave us a show of her trip and Hb went to Oddfellows to set up for Phoenix's birthday bash tomorrow evening.
Saturday 29
Made corn bread in the morning.  In the early afternoon we went for a walk around the block with Sharon, Patrick, and Juniper.  It was sunny early, then rainy, then not, then...  Phoenix's Bday party was nice.  I had a long talk with Lief for the first time and Dave Banning who I initially met at Diana Castillo's house.


March 2020


Sunday 01
Sharon left around 5:30am and I got up just after she left for a few minutes and started a load of laundry.  Hb got up too and got some clothes together.  We then went back to sleep till 9am.  After a nice lunch with lots of sun we headed out and landed near Jude's house on Peterson Rd.  We did a big loop around off Peterson from Ritchie Ln to Penland Dr and back through a meadow which Hb discovered and said lets go here.  We then walked up to Ervin Rd and back to the car.  Along the way we met two cars of people who were lost.  The 2nd girl we were able to help out with finding her way home to her friend's house.  Earlier in the day I had a nice long talk with Brian Wehrung and upon coming back home this evening I called Sharon and checked in with her for about 1 hour.  We had a nice chat to round out her lovely trip to come visit us.
Monday 02
Eric is almost done with the fence, I did some compost stuff outside and went for a walk around the block.
Tuesday 03
First thing I went to the coop, bank and gas station for the lawn mower gas.  It was a beautiful sunny morning.  Eric put the final touches on the fence with nice chain latches on the gates.  In the afternoon Hb and I went for a walk around the WL block and then I cut the grass for the first time this year.  Did the whole deal.  Fence is done, and I saw Jen Brown.  We got through it with no comments and we are still on good terms and I am going to do a bit of work in her yard.  Seeing her at the Greenbelt Land Trust meeting last weekend and seeing she is on the board gave me a bit more info about her deal.
Wednesday 04
Now that the fence is completed and I talked to Jen about doing some clearing of blackberries I got in the dog fenced area and pulled out all of the trees and cut branches that were in there and moved them down stream towards the north.  The dog fenced area is now cleaned up of branches and I will be able to deal with the branches later in the spring.  We went for a short walk around the block.  The plum tree I picked last summer while Hb was in Abq was dramatically trimmed back on Thompson so it will be another year or two before we get a banner year of plums from that tree.  It was a clear, warm sunny late winter day in Corvallis and the light is up way past 6pm in anticipation of daylight savings this coming Sunday.  Its the earliest it can be as March 1 this year was on Sunday.
Thursday 05
Woke up to an email from Jerry Angerman saying how Robert bought back Levin furniture.  Larry called me in the afternoon after he went out to the store in Monroeville to hear Robert at a press conference.  Afterwards he spoke to Kerry and Robert.  Earlier in the day I had a nice talk with Dad and then spoke to Iris as she was driving out to Cranberry to pick David up from work.  In the mid afternoon after talking to Larry we went over to OSU to hear a talk by Tom Huck a famous print artist from Missouri.  He gave an incredibly entertaining talk about his life and his work.  We sat with Jim who is now a friend of ours who we see at talks and around town.  Bob comes home from Hawaii.
Friday 06
A never left the house day as it rained all afternoon.  I started packing for our trip on Sunday and finished up some work on Influxdb.
Saturday 07
Early morning big walk around the BIG Wl block.  Up Ryan, Bethel, down to park, across past Pavillion to the end of the WL Trail then circled back around per usual.  Continued packing and had a very long talk with John Zeuli.  Over 2 hours, we enjoyed each others points of view.  It was our first time talking since hanging out with him when we were in ABQ.
Sunday 08
Up at 5:30am, and left the house before 8am.  Arrived into Grant's Pass by noon, and had a killer lunch at Mimosa's.  We took the back road through Applegate Valley and it was peaceful and serene.  Checked into our hotel and walked around town a bit.  It was raining so we headed upstairs and read the NYTimes, the paper was disappointing at best, the Sunday NYTimes used to take hours to read.  I read the whole paper in 20 minutes and not one interesting note for me.  Pretty sad, but I am not surprised.  We are happy to be here at the Ashland Springs Hotel for Hb's birthday week.
Monday 09
Our first full day started out in Lithia Park.  We walked along the side of the creek all the way to the end.  It was a gorgeous late morning and early afternoon.  Afterwards we had a nice lunch at the COOP and then walked along the railroad tracks shops.  Back to the hotel for a cup of tea then back out to walk around town till 6pm.  Hb bought some prayer flags at the spiritual book store across the street.
Tuesday 10
Hb and I went to the Cascade Siskyou National Monument and enjoyed the sunshine and the warm crystal clear day.  It was glorious.  Afterwards we went by the Kart grocery store then had a late lunch at the Indian place near the coop.  It wasn't that good and Hb and I decided not to go back there next time we are in Ashland.  We came back to the room to chill out and then went to see Emma at 6pm.  I enjoyed the movie, and it was a classic Jane Austen.  After the movie we walked around Ashland a bit.  It was a warm evening for March 10, the sky was clear and the stars abound.  We love coming here and staying for short time.
Wednesday 11
I walked up to Tolman Creek and took the bus back downtown for $2.  Hb and I went to the Coop for lunch and then walked around the railroad tracks hood afterwards.  At around 5pm the light is perfect this time of year in Ashland so we headed out to Lithia Park and met an older man who was sitting doing some meditation.  I said to him, a fine evening and that launched us into a nice conversation about the history of our country and the conservative bent it still has.  We talked for awhile about the current virus media event and then proceeded into the park to the end of the river trail.  We circled back on Granite road into town and watched the final sunlight of day echo a cast across the hills a fuera a east.  This is a magical place and a magical walk was had by Hb and I on the eve of her 70th birthday.
Thursday 12
Up early and we were at the haircut lady by 9am.  I went for a short walk down the road into the pasture while Hb got her hair cut.  Came back to the hotel and I did the big loop up to the top of the hill and back down while Hb did her shopping.  We went to Phoenix for lunch and then into Talent where we met Forrest who told us he had the Keys of Enoch in the Used book store.  We walked around Talent and then drove to Shop N Kart where we met Forest with the book.  Back to our hotel and then saw the Play Steel Magnolias.  It was excellent, we got home at 10:30pm.
Hb's birthday was a big hit.
Friday 13
Had a nice leisurely breakfast and packed up the car.  We stopped by the book store in Talent called Hermeticus Book Shop where we met Forrest yesterday. Hb picked up another book today.  Left Talent around 11am and was home before 3pm.  We drove straight through as it was going to rain in Eugene.  We got to Eugene and it was raining.  We got off at Exit 216 which is the way to go home from I5.  We were in Ashland 5 nights which turns out to be a perfect amount of time to be away and feel good about a trip.  We would have stayed longer and gone on to Mt. Shasta but the weather the next couple of days pretty much every where was rain and snow so we decided to come home.  Plus the Corona Virus gig also added to our final executive decision.
Saturday 14
Back to work a bit.  Shopping in the afternoon, did the whole circuit.  A bit odd being out there with CV going on, but made the best of it.  Steve and I had a long talk about the situation, and I enjoyed bouncing the ideas off him.  Went for 2 short walks today, it is quiet out there, almost eerily quiet.  Just think of London in the early 40's to put it all into perspective.  Pedro emailed me just now, he is coming home early.  Back in Ojai already driving home in the morning.
Sunday 15
Hung out with Patrick and Mindy, and gave Patrick a pound of salted sunflower seeds that I bought in Ashland, I forgot that I can no longer eat salt.  In the afternoon I worked outside for a bit and moved the fig sticks into a pot from the big pile of dirt.  It was windy late in the day so I went in after a short walk around the little block.
Monday 16
Hb and I went to the PO, Bank, Grocery Depot and the Coop all before lunch time.  I hung out for awhile, Hb worked outside and then I walked over and hung out with Phoenix.  We walked down to the river.  On the way back we spoke to Michael out in the field, Michael at the Tuesday market and Naj who was returning from her study.  Amy was working out in the meadow on the wild grasses and camas.  In the evening Pedro called from Ashland, he drove all day from Gilroy and flew back early to Ojai from Hawaii.
Tuesday 17
Work outside around noon.  Got alot done, including replanting all of the fig tree branches.  We will see if they work.  Dev came over to hang out with Hb.  It was a gorgeous summer like morning and early afternoon and then it turned chilly and windy.  We went for a walk anyway.
Wednesday 18
Great walk in the afternoon through the park and back up through Renee's and we hung out with her and Phoenix.  I met Tracie and her little boy.  Earlier I trimmed the hazelnut tree in the side yard.  It was a beautiful sunny day here.  I hung out with Jan and Boyd at their home outside for a bit.
Thursday 19
Hb and I went out to Crescent Valley High School for a nice walk up to Jackson Creek, it was a gorgeous sunny day.  Afterwards we stopped by TJ's for some items.  We came home and had our turkey and beans dinner which we have not had since last summer possibly.  It had been a long time.  This morning I texted Russ Page from Ashland and told him we walked by his house last week and did not see his truck.  He told us that they sold the house and went traveling for six months and bought a home further up in them dar hills.
Friday 20
Another big day mentally as I said to Sharon in my final email of the day.  It was a big week on Wall Street, extremely draining for anyone who follows the markets.  It was the worst weekly drop since 2008.  Dad flew home last night from Florida and Larry picked him up at the airport.  I spoke to Iris today, we had a nice long talk.  I spoke to Dad today on his new landline at Providence Pt.  Dev came over and hung out with Hb for awhile.  I have been communicating with Sharon on email, she is in lock down mode in Ca.  The weather this week was stunningly beautiful.  I may have already said that on another day.  We got back from Ashland last Friday, and when I looked at the forecast a week ago, it was spot on gorgeous.  Hb and I went for a walk late in the day over to WL.
Saturday 21
Will and Kathy came over and hung out with us in front of the garage, earlier in the morning I did my taxes.  I had a quick lunch and went over to Pedro's house to hang out.  It was sunny and warm and gorgeous for around the first day of Spring.  Pedro and I spoke for awhile and then Hb came over and hung out with us too.  I came home and cut the grass for the 2nd time this year, the first time was on March 3.  I started a spreadsheet on when the grass gets cut so I have a general idea of how quickly it grows this time of year.  Its pretty much the only time of year you have to cut the grass which is actually pretty cool.  Afterwards I walk back over to Bell and picked up some potatoe starts that someone was giving away and planted them in the north bed at the end of the county line.  Its my first garden bed over there, and its been in place now for several years.  This year we have some fig tree starts in there, and its the first year I have not planted fava beans in that bed.  Afterwards I cleaned up some wood branches from the other day when I dramatically trimmed back the hazel nut tree in the east yard on the line.  Things are looking pretty spiffy for the moment on the yard front.
Sunday 22
Another great sunny day.  Finished up Hb's taxes in the morning, and did some cooking in the afternoon.
Monday 23
Over to Bina's house around 9am, hung out there for awhile, she showed me around the farm then I swung by the coop and went home.  Hb and I went for a walk in the afternoon through the park.  It was supposed to be rainy but it turned out ok.  Dad is home and in his apartment and likes it, but he has nothing to do for 2 weeks.  Hopefully he will get his computer setup and get a TV up and running.
Tuesday 24
Hb and I moved the rug in the living room in the morning and turned the carpet around the other way.  I have been talking to Dad every day since he got back to Pittsburgh.  At 6pm Hb and I went for a walk around the block.  It didn't rain on us, but it was cold, and some clouds mixed with a hint of sun.
Wednesday 25
Early morning full circuit walk through park and around WL.  This walk will be known in the future as the FC walk or full circuit.  On my way back home on Marion the new person who moved in with the killer garden gave me Larry Lyons name in Albany with Mint Compost / dirt fo $15 a yard delivered 541 829 2828.  Got home, ordered the dirt which will come tomorrow and then Hb and I went back out and down to Renee's and around.  On the way home it hailed on us.  We met Michael in the purple house who used to sell tempeh.
Thursday 26
Phoenix showed up early in the morning and we walked around the park and along Luke Beene's fence line to Renee's and then up.  It was my first time walking that fence line.  At 1:15pm Ken arrived and Larry arrived soon afterwards with the dirt.  Ken called me this morning to hang out and so the stars aligned and the universe guided me to do two drops of the dirt.  A perfect amount, it turned out to be put on the driveway and the remaining amount in the north garden area next to the old basketball hoop.  Ken was a big help.  He moved all of the dirt to the back yard from the driveway and Hb and I spread it out.  I directed traffic on where the dirt should go as he moved it to the back yard.  It all worked like a charm.  Ken charged me $22 and I gave him $35.  The dirt was $130.  Ken and I went for a walk in the park and he picked nettles and we walked along and talked about politics and the current debacle with Biden and Bernie.  Got back home and Ken took off and I hosed down the driveway.  First I had to get out the hoses but it cleaned off nicely.  A good day was had by all.  Hb cooked her favorite fried chicken with TJ Beans and some kalamata olives which were yummy.  The dirt project in the back yard is done and there is tons left for a future garden in the north field.
Friday 27
Pretty much rained all day.  At dusk Hb and I went for a walk around the block and ran into Phoenix and he walked with his down Crystal Lake and back around.  Earlier we saw Dan on a walk with a girl friend who wanted to keep her social distance from Hb who was creeping into her space.  I must say for the record this whole virus thing is a bit annoying to say the least, and that is pretty much not taking it seriously enough on your part.  What a life !.   Could be an interesting time, but its not really that great in this moment of writing.
Saturday 28
Hb went over to Renee's both today and tomorrow.  I finished up my taxes in the morning and in the afternoon did a round of shopping.  The town was dead.  All of the 30k OSU students are home and will not be coming back into town until the autumn.  Afterwards I moved some of the mint compost into the further back so that the front grass could grow.  I made the pile higher and deeper and thinned out the edges so the grass could grow.  I had a nice talk with Dad.  I have been trying to speak to him every day since he is in quarantine for another few days.  By then it will be 2 weeks.
Sunday 29
In the afternoon I worked outside on building a stick wall at the back of the new north garden.  Earlier in the day I made a nice new gluten free bread recipe called yogurt oat blueberry bread.  Long talk with Johng in the afternoon.  He is enjoying his life down in Tucson.  I called him.  It was really the first time I reached out to him to check in and see how his life is going.
Monday 30
Nice walk over to the railroad tracks and over to the old golf course.  I was going to walk across the bridge there but I got scared and turned around and walked to Avery Park and made a right to go home.  It was a nice day, rainy starting here and there but overall relaxing.  I left home around 11:30am and got home around 1:30pm.  Larry swung by Dad's today to help him set up his computer.
Tuesday 31
Hb went for a walk with Dev.  When she came home we had a nice lunch and then I went outside and planted a thornless blackberry Patrick gave us yesterday along with a bunch of raspberries from Kathy Miller on the fence line of the north east boundary.  I borrowed some wire cutters from Boyd to trim back some old fencing material.  It was a wire cutter tool that I had never used before, very handy.  Tools work well if you have the right one.  Around dusk it showered and then we had a real nice rainbow.  It was chilly, but being here in OR in spring time is almost sometimes magical.  A lovely place indeed.


April 2020


Wednesday 01
Today was Sharon's bday so I started out the day with a poem about the covid virus to her.  She said I was the first person she has met who took the side of the virus:)  Also spoke to KJ on Grant Street about a slightly new strategy going forward.  Hb and I did laundry, in these times of social distancing I am stretching what I write about, having never noted much we did laundry in the past.  The walk today happened as it got sunny out and not cold.  We saw Bob as we were coming back out of the park.  I had a long talk w/ Pedro in the evening as well as a nice talk with John Gutman earlier in the day.  Our talk with John wasn't as up beat as usual, but in times of pandemic things are slightly different.  I would be remiss if I don't note these things, but usually I am super positive.  I am also tracking daily case numbers in Oregon, mainly the number of new cases.  Yesterday I had a nice email interaction with Scott Simmons from Vitria.  He told me his daughter died and that he got divorced and remarried.
Thursday 02
Nice talk with John Zeuli in the late morning.  In the afternoon I did some work outside planting some winter squash at the gate garden.  I brought over some mint compost from the big pile at the end of the north garden and mixed in some manure from the pile next to the house.  I also noticed the fava beans coming up.  Hb and I went for a nice walk afterwards and did the Lily loop and then over to CL and back around Friendly's house.
Friday 03
Great day as we took a ride out to Summit via Hoskins Road and just before Beth's house in King's Valley.  We stopped by the Beazell Park and then Hoskins State Park.  It was a great drive as we had never done that one before.  It was a bit rainy, but Hb had a really good sandwich she got at the COOP and I enjoyed it as well vicariously.  Getting out and going into the forest is good medicine especially for these pandemic times.  Had a nice talk with Luke about the markets as we were sitting at the end of a dirt road just outside Summit.  A good day was had by all.  We drove past GT Farms but their farm store was temporarily closed to the public.
Saturday 04
So this has been a strange year in many ways, but most importantly this was only my 2nd time to the Saturday Farmer's Market.  My first time there was literally the first one 2 days after returning from NM in January.  I arrived and everyone had masks on.  I could go on, but your interpretation reading it next time will flash you back to what it was like during the pandemic.  Hopefully my mind will be filled with thoughts, and hopefully they aren't too bad.  I did the grocery circuit.  It was raining.  I went for a brief walk prior to taking a bath at dark.
Sunday 05
Long talk with Liz in the morning.  She is making progress and doing slightly better; she has a long road ahead of her, but I think living in SB at the moment is probably the call.  Afterwards Hb and I headed over to OSU for a walk.  We parked on the west side of the stadium and walked up and over to Campus Way.  We sat down on the bench and watched people walk by.  Not too many folks had masks on.  Afterwards we stopped by the coop and Hb picked up the same sandwich she had the other day when we went out to Summit.  Pesto and mozarella cheese on a french bun.  We came home, had some food and did some work outside.  At dusk some dark clouds appeared and it looks like rain later.  Today was Jason's bday.  He is 46.
Monday 06
Great walk in the afternoon around the park.  We did the full loop, up Bethel to CL and then down to the boat ramp and then all the way to the Pavillion and back.  It was a nice cool afternoon with a mix of sun and clouds.  Earlier I spoke to Dad.  For the first time in my life I am speaking with him almost every day which is cool.  Today I helped him with the Windows 10 accessibility functions.
Tuesday 07
Hb and I went for a walk over at OSU.  We parked on campus at the corner of 35th and Campus Way and walked out to 53rd.  We came back, had a bit of salmon and then Ken came over and we hung out till dark.  Hb went to Renee's for a full moon ceremony and Patrick and Ken did some martial arts demonstration.  It was a beautiful sunny day.
Wednesday 08
Phoenix came over early afternoon and we hung outside, then Hb and he went over to Renee's and Hb went for a walk with Ildi.  I cut the grass for the third time.  Afterwards Anna and Jay stopped by and they checked out the back yard.  Anna is now bringing back the trash cans.  In the late morning Hb and I went and bought some gas for the lawn mower. 
Thursday 09
We went to a couple of miles before Alsea Falls.  Actually 8 miles from the Nichols turnoff on Alpine Hwy to our gorgeous hiking spot.  We walked 2 miles in.  Prior we got gas and Hb got lunch at the coop.  Gas was $2.03 a gallon, probably the lowest we will ever see.  We had lunch a mile or two before we went hiking on the side of the road where it was real sunny.  Got home and cleaned up blackberries in the cave area.  It was a mess from when Eric put in the fence and it was my first time getting in there for a clean up.  Lots more work to do, including the huge tree that fell and left a mess a huge and small branches.  We went for a short walk around the block.  It was 76 degrees today, absolutely a perfect summer day in Oregon.
Friday 10
Pedro came over around 11am and we hung outside on a gorgeous spring day with shorts and a Tshirt.  Hb came back from a walk with Dev and we chatted for a bit longer.  She went over to Bills to pick up some yarn but he didn't have any.  I went for a walk late in the day and Anya came over to hang out with Hb.
Saturday 11
Hb and I went to the last winter farmer's market for the year.  Next week it will be downtown again.  Afterwards we did the 4 mile walk to the other end of Bald Hill and back.  It is 2.1 miles each way.  Afterwards we went to Winco and then VC.  It was a gorgeous sunny spring day in Corvallis and Hb and I were happy to be outside basking in the sun.
Sunday 12
Worked outside all day, it was a perfect, warm, all sun day in the W. Valley.  Dev came over for awhile and hung out with us in the afternoon.  We had a nice Easter dinner of turkey and greens, which is our standard faire but yet still very yummy.
Monday 13
Got up and called Costco.  We have been calling Costco every day for the past week and they have not had TP until today.  They were closed yesterday for Easter.  So we drove up to Albany and our first stop was the gluten free bakery where I bought 5 loaves of bread for ten bucks.  Now that is the best deal I will ever get on gf bread.  Afterwards we went to Costco for the TP and then on to Winco to buy 2 big planters and some cucumber seeds.  We drove home, bought gas for $1.99, yep that was not a typo and then the coop for Hb's lunch.  In the afternoon we planted a bunch of plants we got at Winco, filled up the pots with dirt and did some general yard work.  It was another stellar bring day, almost perfect in the WValley.
Tuesday 14
We picked up some bulbs last night on the side of the road.  Actually it was the house on the south side of Richland almost at the end next to 7-11.  We dragged home two fairly large boxes of bulbs and today Hb planted them in the back yard and I planted the remainder in the front of the yard.  Another gorgeous sunny, warm day.  This early to mid April has been fantastic.  We have had like a full week of sun every day.  Late in the day we walked over to Coho and spoke to Bruce in the cemetery for awhile and then Amy on the way back.  She was hanging some rugs on the line.  Dan is now able to say Hi.  Quite a big effort for him to get there.  Quite a story he has gone through to say the least.
Wednesday 15
Phoenix came over late in the day and we went over to the park and threw frisbee.  It was the most exercise I have gotten in awhile.  Got to get up that cardiovascular.  Earlier I did a bit of work outside.  It was cloudy this morning and sunny late in the day just around the time Phoenix came over it got nice.  Earlier Ken stopped by with a phone and we were able to track it down and he returned the phone to its original owner.
Thursday 16
Hb and I went to the coop to get Hb's sandwich for lunch and then we went down to Bellfountain Park for a nice lunch.  The weather was perfect and the day was gorgeous.  Afterwards we walked down Foster Rd, found a field, and started walking down it.  We then ran into an older lady who we talked to for awhile.  She was moving her cows across the road and wanted to tell us about it.  She was very nice.  She was skinny, pretty tall, and had on a nice pink button down shirt.  Afterward we walked up the Bailey branch in both directions and ran into bridges across creeks we could not cross.  The bridge to the west had a huge tree across it as well.  The bridge to the east was followed by lots of blackberries.  We had a nice day.  I came home and planted my cucumber seeds in their respective pots.  Fifteen pots and 15 seeds and 15 potential plants.  Diana Stephens once said that you only need one seed per plot, and no more.  For the first time I followed her wishes and hopes.  I hope she is doing well.
Friday 17
Hang out with Patrick in the late afternoon.  He is driving back out to Halfway tomorrow to be with Mindy and the kids.  He came back home for work for a few days and left the kids and Mindy out there.  He may have the virus so he got tested today.  Hopefully he does not have it.  Hb is going to take care of the cat while they are gone for another week.  Had an hour conversation with Iris at noon and then spoke to Dad afterwards.  It was good speaking to her.  I cut the grass for the 4th time this afternoon only 10 days passed since the last cutting.
Saturday 18
We got to the 1st outdoor Farmer's Market of the season at around noon, parked in our usual spot and started walking down the river walk and there was not ONE person anywhere to be seen.  We are living in a different time and space and the dream is different.  We bought some greens from Luke, saw Chris and Ken who were talking to each other.  Chris had on a funny orange beenie hat.  We saw Bina tambien.  And then again at TJ's.  We did the whole food circuit and came home.  I bought some more cilantra and basil seeds at Winco.  It was a pretty wet rainy day, in contrast to the past couple of weeks which have been sunny and warm, today was a typical spring day in Oregon. In the evening we put snowflake, Patrick and Mindy's kitten into the garage and went for a long walk through WL and over to the park and back home.  Patrick and Mindy are in Halfway for another week and we are taking care of their cat starting today.
Sunday 19
Hb went for a walk with Dev and I upgraded my computer to macOs Catalina 10.15.4 and they moved all of my files to another location and changed the default shell to zsh from bash.  What a hassle, but at least its mid spring and the bugs should be worked out by now and I good to go for awhile.  Planted cilantro and basil starts, dug out the far north east garden by the north dirt pile.  That bed has been worked and I pulled out the fig sticks that were in the ground, only way for that to work is root powder and watch some videos on youtube next year prior to Ken doing the pruning.  Hb and I went for a walk around the block and here I am and its 8pm.
Monday 20
Went to Grocery Depot and TJ's to get some yogurt.  We swung by Hb's bank and then came home.  It was another sunny day and slightly chilly but nice.  We also went to Walmart so Hb could get some epsom salts and baking soda.  In the mid afternoon I got the potato bed ready and planted a bunch of potatos that Ken had given me a few months back.  They were ready to go.  So the whole north east garden plot is now filled with potatos along with the small gum tree that I planted last year.  I am liking the mint compost more and more and think I will get the same amount and same quality next year.
Tuesday 21
Walked over to Naj's and hung out with her for awhile, then swung by the Tuesday market and Cheryl was there with Michael, Reenie, and Lesley.  We stayed there for awhile and I learned about how winter squash does not work from saved seed from the plant, because it cross polinates and then the squash tastes crappy and does not grow and produce.  Bottom line is don't do this for the fourth or fifth year in a row unless it is decorative.  Phoenix saw us walking back and walked with us back to our house and then we walked with Mayan and Naj for a bit.  It turned out to be a very nice day, slightly chilly.  It looks like one of my cucumber starts is getting going after just less than one week.  That warm weather the past couple of days certainly helps.
Wednesday 22
Helped Anyaa with her taxes.  She came over and we sat in my room and did her taxes.  Unfortunately she could not file electronically so we had to print out her form and she took it over to the post office.  Long talk with Luke about the markets.  A week or two ago I wrote up some investing notes, based on today's talk I will add in some more concepts. Walk around the block around 7pm.  We got Snowflake the kitty tucked into the garage at Patrick and Mindy's and then a walk around the CL block.  It was a chilly, just rained evening, but saw patches of blue sky which made my evening.
Thursday 23
Great early morning walk.  Met Jaqueline in the WL Park along the way, she lived at the end of our street in Mike and Kirsten's house.  Then a very long, excellent talk with Owen Dell about some very interesting aspects of life.  It was a very inspiring talk.  Pedro drove by on his bike and said hi along his bike route as we were talking.  Came home and had a good talk with Dad about life and the challenges he is facing now in his isolation at his new house PP caused by the Covid 19 pandemic.  Hb and I prepared for a small margarita gathering this evening at our home. Reenie, Lesley, Kathy Miller, and Ildi came by this evening.  It was a mild evening, not warm, but not chilly either.  For the end of April it was very nice.  They left just before 9pm and Hb and I cleaned up quickly, there wasn't much to do, and we sat outside and looked at the white Iris's.  We sat outside till 10pm.  It was our first time this year sitting outside in the spring time.  Lovely !
Friday 24
It was a mostly cloudy day and I took a nap and Hb went for a walk with Dev.  I woke up, ate some food, Phoenix came over and had a left over Margarita and then I hung out with Patrick for awhile.  They just got back from Halfway and we took car of the cats while they were gone.  It was a good hang out.
Saturday 25
Super day in Albany.  We didn't leave here till after 1pm, hit the coop for Hb's lunch and then drove to downtown Albany.  Walked around there, Hb went into the bead store, and we walked up river for awhile, then went back to the car and went over to Bryant Park.  We had a nice lunch at the picnic table and then did a long walk through the woods along the river and then into the adjacent field over to the hazelnut trees and beyond to the power pole.  Wow, gorgeous afternoon, it was warm but not hot, and super sunny at that time.  We had a glorious afternoon in the park and just an overall super energy day.  Came home and had some guac with the rest of the beans, yummy.  My cucumber starts are peaking their little sprouts just above the dirt, exciting.
Sunday 26
Ken and I hung out for awhile and then we walked over to the end of WL.  It was the first time we walked over to WL, usually we walk the other way.  Afterwards I had a long talk with Dad, he now has shingles.  Then I cut the grass, and Hb got home from going to Albany with Dev.  It was a nice day.
Monday 27
Hb and I drove over to OSU to go for a walk, but Hb's foot was hurting so she drove home, and I walked home from the corner of 35th and Campus Way.  I stopped off at wfc, and then the coop for some rice puffs.  In the evening Hb and I went for a walk around the block.  We ran into Summer on Alexander, she had wet hair and was combing it out.  Ildi was walking down the street and they were getting ready for a walk.  We discussed how going to the grocery store was still uncomfortable and how lucky we were to be appreciative of having the food.  We walked by Summer's house afterwards and saw her daughter with pink hair, age 22, getting into a car with her male friend.  She used to live out of her car but recently moved back home with Mom and Dad, oh brother.  We returned back to the hood and rapped with Patrick and Mindy for awhile about beach closures, wearing or not wearing masks, my point about relating it to assault rifles and telling people in general what to do.
Tuesday 28
Jim Sigman sent me an email early this morning and we did our first Zoom call together for about 2 hours from 9:30am to 11:30am.  Then Phoenix stopped by and I went over to the Tuesday market stand and dumped out lots of juice into buckets.  Then I walked down to Xigam land for a few hours and hung out with Hb and Dev and then Gloria.  Came home and Ken came over around 6pm and we hung out till now, around 8pm.  So it was a full day, and the sun was shining and it topped out a bit over 70 degrees.  A good day was had by all.
Wednesday 29
Hb and I went to the Farmer's market, saw Bina and then headed over to the coop.  It was here that I saw Russell Sullivan and I asked him about his garden space.  Hb and I then went by his place 30 minutes later and we were up and running with a row in his magical beautiful garden.  In the evening I did some work outside.  Paul did a great job mowing the other side of the mint compost pile.  It now looks real clean and spiffy.  I added some mint compost to the salmon berries so that little bed of berries looks real cleaned up and the grass is gone and covered.
Thursday 30
Day 1 at Russell Sullivan and Jeanie's garden.  I literally got rid of most of the milk thistle which was everywhere in the garden.  Its a stinging nasty plant to me and something I had to remove asap.  So I got in there on day 1 and made a big pile of it in the back of the leaf pile.


May 2020


Friday 01
Hb went to get a massage from Maria.  In the afternoon I moved some more dirt from the mint compost pile to the county line beds.  Played frisbee with Izzy and Patrick.  It was kind of a cloudy slightly rainy day, but still warm and lovely.  Dad found out he only has hives which is great news.
Saturday 02
Hb and I went for a walk after the rain subsided over to WL.  On our way back we had a nice long talk with Will who had just returned from Eastern Oregon, he, Kathy, Renee and Leslie went over there for a week.  Then spoke to Patrick and Mindy, I gave Patrick a jar of Christmas present in May day.  Hb went over to Xigam for an evening fire.
Sunday 03
Spending more time on my Spanish.  We were going to go for a walk somewhere around Winco but when we got there it was raining so we went to TJ's and then came home.  It is supposed to be 80 later in the week.  Today is the most chilly day of them all.  We then went for a nice walk and on the way home picked up some free oregano on the corner of park and thompson.  The big beautiful yard with all native plants and no grass.  We then showed the Oregano to Sarah and Anna who were hanging outside.  We had a nice chat with them.  Sarah's birthday is January 21, and Jay's is October 5.
Monday 04
Went over to my AR garden, from now on the AR garden is Russell Sullivan's on the corner of Alexander and Ryan (AR).  Got rid of all of the milk thistle I pulled up the other day and threw it in the yard waste bin, along with mulching and getting the soil ready in my garden bed.  It got cloudy and a bit rainy at the end of my stay there.
Tuesday 05
Long talk with Pedro in the afternoon.  Brynn gave us a blue hubbard winter squash and it was the first plant in the ground at the AR garden.  Then we swung by the Tuesday market, as it was the first one for cinco de mayo.  Then on to Renee's for a party.  Mayan and Naj were there along with Ildi, Dev, Bill and Renee.  It was a nice small mellow group.  On the walk home around 10pm the moon was full and we ran into Russell on Alexander.  He is now our new best friend and working in his garden is turning out to be one of the lucky breaks for 2020.  Just running into him at the coop a week ago really was a huge win.
Wednesday 06
Hb and I went over to OSU to walk around and then walked over to the bank near campus.  It was a warm but not hot sunny afternoon.  Campus was still very quiet but slightly more busy than last time I walked around campus.  We stopped in the MU and heard someone play a nice piano song and then they came by and told us they were closing at 6pm.  We drove home and I drove back to the coop to take my car for a ride and bought some kale and came back home and cooked Hb and I a small dinner with some kale and a rice cake.  Yum !
Thursday 07
Pedro stopped by and we hung outside.  Then Mushroom, Linda and Jan walked on by and hung out with us for awhile.  It was great to see them.  Then David Mayfield came over and he talked to Peter for awhile.  Then he, hb and I went for a real nice walk in the park.  Lovely.  Gorgeous day !  hb and I came home and had a nice lunch.  In the evening I did my second major round of starts.  This batch will sit outside as the next couple of days are going to be in the 80's and no more freezes in the forecast, so we are ready to put stuff outside.  At dusk we hung out and spoke to Bob and Steve at the corner.  Steve recently cut back some of the hazel nut tree post Jen coming through with her fence.  Things are getting a bit more snazzed up on the corner.  The gate / fence actually looks really nice and we are moving forward with some new chapters in life.
Friday 08
Day started out around 6am as it was a ui earnings release day.
Spoke to Liz early, Hb went for a walk w/ Dev.  I ate lunch and then cut the grass.  Then I went to buy some more gas, I bought 1/2 gallon which should last me through the summer into autumn.  I also swung by TJ's and the VC for some Halawi dates.  Came home and went over to Russel's to plant the cucumber starts.  They were ready to go and the pots were starting to get root bound, which is actually pretty amazing already.  When your starts get to this point it is definitely worth planting a few to see where they are at and they are ready to go.  Its amazing how quickly once they get going that they send out their roots.  One seed and you get a whole big plant, truly amazing biology and very complex systems to say the least.  Life and the universe is so much more complicated than our little brains.  The ant analogy is so perfect.  How can an ant understand quantum mechanics and how can the human brain really ever understand itself.  Not for a very long time, and by then we will have a much bigger picture to put it into context.  Came home from planting the starts and then did some clean up stuff around here, and then Hb and I went for another walk at dusk.  We saw Pablo going to work and we got the name of his granddaughter who's name is Evelyn and her brother's name is Daniel.  Daniel is 6 years old.  It was a very gorgeous warm and balmy summer evening in Oregon.
Saturday 09
Nice day at the Farmer's market.  Had a nice chat with Luke and Ken.  We met Josh today who is into rocks and is a jeweler.  He is from Portland and his father is from Brazil.  He and Hb talked about the southwest and making jewelery.  We got home, had some lunch and then cleaned out the garage big time.  We did a good job.  It was our first time cleaning the garage together this year.  Then I added some mint compost to the west garden bordering Jay and sarah's.  I also went through the seed collection that was in the garage and sorted out some of the seeds for future planting.  It was a gorgeous warm day.  Late in the afternoon I called Nancy Habif.  She contacted me this morning via email because her daughter is driving west and Nancy thought I still lived in Abq.  It was great to speak to her.  Hopefully I will speak to Sam Feldman soon.
Sunday 10
Another big day in OR.  Started out with a few hours of work at the AR farm.  Finished up the north side of the bed, dug out some grass, and planted the rest of the cucumber starts.  As I was leaving Barbara showed up and it was my first time meeting her.  She looks just like Jeannie.  Came home and ate some food and then Hb and I went out for our first bike ride of the season.  Met the coho group getting off the river and met a woman who worked at HP for 26 years from Shedd.  Then rode our bikes along and ran into Will.  Then Phoenix, he and I threw disc for awhile and Hb and Will rode their bikes home.  I came back later and Will was finishing up some margs from the party a week or 2 back.  Then it got chilly so we went inside, and then we walked Will home on his bike and had a very nice black bean soup at Kathy's house.  A good day was had by all.
Monday 11
Call with Jerry and Anne at 9am for Jerry's 75th bday.  Robert and Kerry, Deborah Weinstein and her husband, Dad and all of the kids and grandkids.  Afterwards in the afternoon I worked outside and then Hb and I went for a nice walk over to WL.  The sun broke out and it was gorgeous.
Tuesday 12
The highlight of today was clearly my 2 hour talk with Ben following yesterday's Skype call with the Angerman family.  It was great to catch up with Ben, we clearly have a deep connection which I value.  So I was buzzing all day from the call.  At 5pm we walked over to the Tuesday market which is strange now, as everyone was there in masks except for us and Mark Sherman.  So, we will stick to showing up there at the very end of the market until things change more.  It was dark cloudy day all day today, and this trend should continue for the next week mas o menos.  Thats ok, we have had stellar, lovely weather all this year.
Wednesday 13
It was a cloudy, rainy day today.  But it was not raining in the afternoon so Hb and I went for a big walk around the park.
Thursday 14
It rained all day till about 3pm.  I headed out and did trash and then proceeded from there.  I went over to Russells and dug up some milk thistle that came back.  Also, some of my cucs appear to have not made it, which is a huge bummer, so I may need to do some more starts.  The jury is still out, stay tuned.  Steve and I had a long talk in the side jungle yard about the 40M year carbon cycle and my learning about it via Shubin's book.  The missing link for me besides the whole cycle of carbon was the volcano emissions which finally return it into the atmosphere.  More work to be done in this area.
Friday 15
Day one of everything opening back up in Benton and Linn Counties and Hb and I were out to eat at the Italian Restaurant downtown Albany called Gamberettis.  Hb had taken out food with Dev a few weeks back and today we went there.  I just called them and found out they have gluten free pasta.  From there we walked around downtown and then through the old hood passed Gary House's house and then dropped down a trail and walked over to an apartment house on the other side of the railroad tracks.  We then came back under the tracks and into an old cemetery.  There were some old growth trees in there.  A gorgeous spot.  We then walked back into town and I stopped by and picked up some tomato starts for $2 a piece.  We then came home and I did some new cucumber starts.  The other ones I put in the ground over at Russell's appears to be a big disaster.  Too early, too much rain, and the plants were not big enough.  You have got to wait till early June when the weather drys out and heats up.  Just like tomatoes, you have to be patient prior to finally putting them in the ground.  It was a gorgeous sunny day all day, just lovely.  After a few days of clouds, we were happy to see the sun today.
Saturday 16
Hit the Farmer's Market and saw Bina.  Got a bunch of greens including from Luke and others.  Came home and it was kind of rainy, but I did a bit of work outside.
Sunday 17
Ken called me early in the morning and he came by around 9:30am and we went out to Inavale Farm.  Got back home around 1pm, spoke to Dad, went over to Bob's house to talk about his internet router and made a nice lunch for Hb and I.  We had some greens and the final 2 tamales from Francesca Hb bought at the Tuesday market.  Early in the morning I did laundry and washed my sheets.
Monday 18
I spoke to Nick Booth and his new girlfriend Rosie and found out today that she was having a baby and that is 3 weeks pregnant.  She is 14 years old, and I had a long talk with her about life and her choice of moving forward.  This was my first time ever speaking to her.
Tuesday 19
A better day than yesterday clearly.  Started the day out with a long intense talk with Liz about the 2 videos we watched yesterday.  See email history log to check them out but they were by Bernardo.  From there I went shopping at Winco and TJ's.  I came home and spoke to Dad for awhile, then went back downtown to go the bank and the post office.  I came home and made some lunch and then we walked by the Tuesday market and Renee gave us a tour of her gardens and her land.  Ildi walked along with us, it was a nice evening and I discovered sweet woodberry and jaconberry.  Naj and Phoenix walked back with us to our house and we hung out for a bit.  It was 52 degrees, and very chilly for May 19. 
Wednesday 20
Another cloudy day in late May.  Hb went out for a walk to do some errands for Dev who fell last week and hurt her foot and elbow.  Late in the day we went for a short walk around the block.  I am on round 2 on my cucumber starts and watering some other starts in the side round compost garden.
Thursday 21
We awoke this morning to learn that Diana Martin had finally passed peacefully at Judith's home in Placitas.  She got back to the states just around the time Michele and I got back from Ashland for Hb's 70th birthday trip.  Heard back from Laura Kiernan at UI, turns out she did return my email last week it just ended up in spam.  Had a long talk with Jason this morning about the situation Nick and Rosy are in.  Also spoke to Dad who is thinking of buying a bike.  Hb and I went for a walk this afternoon over to WL and Hb layed down on the grass and I looked out at the coast mountains to the southwest.
Friday 22
It was kind of cold and cloudy and slightly rainy during the day, but by early evening the sun came out and Hb and I went for a walk over to Xigam land and then met up with Ildi for awhile and walked back up Bethel, then hooked up with Renee and Leslie and then Angelica.  So we had a nice little group walk, and Leslie and I got to speak some Spanish at the end of the walk / evening.
Saturday 23
Farmer's market at the normal time.  Luke gave me free favas and Rachel at Rainshine gave me 3 heads of lettuce for 3 bucks.  I came home afterwards and Hb went out shopping.  I did some work and ate some lunch and then I cut the grass.  Hb and I went for a short walk and then I spoke to David Friedman for over 2 hours.  We had a great talk.  It was the best talk we have had ever.  We talked about the markets and basic economic theory and where we are at right now in the economic cycle and the market risk in the perceived maybe other side of the pandemic and where the market is at (high) and where it has come from off the March 23 lows.
Sunday 24
Hb got clarity on her mushroom trip and is done forever with these types of journeys.  While she was doing her journey Ken and I went for a hike to the top of McCulloch Peak at 2178 feet.  It was my first time up there and we started down at Joe and Suzanne's house.  Prior I hung out at Ken's house for awhile and looked at his lovely garden.  I arrived at his house around 1pm.  After the hike I stopped by Trader Joe's.
Monday 25
Spoke to Rand on Memorial Day.  Also spoke to Johng who did a 17 day road trip back from Tucson.  He was staying at Will Werner's house today and going back to Janet's house, his current girlfriend, this afternoon.  I planted my tomato plants that we bought in Albany for $2 a plant about a week or 2 ago in the round garden on the edge.  I dug out the garden today on the circumference and took out the one weed that climbs the plants.  We had a nice BBQ this evening at Renee's for Memorial Day.  Jorge and Katherine were there.  Had a long talk with Will about summer camp and being smart in high school.  He went to Stuyvesant High School in NYC.  Dan and Amy were there along with Ildi as it was her 57th bday.  She was born in 1963 on this day.  The same year as Iris and 20 days later.
Tuesday 26
Up very early and walk in the park around 5:30am.  Got back around 6:30am.  Had a nice talk with Dad this morning.  Then Hb and I went back out for a walk in the early afternoon.  I also went over to Mindy's house in the morning to talk about heat pumps.  They are thinking of getting one and she was trying to determine whether she should get one or two units.  Big nap in the afternoon as I got up real early this morning.  In the evening I went over to Mindy's house to talk to Patrick about the heat pump as he missed the conversation I had with Mindy earlier in the day.
Wednesday 27
Went over to Pedro's and hung out in his back yard at 12:30pm.  Hb came over at the very end and we walked into the park and sat by the river.  We walked home and had a nice dinner of the rest of the cauliflower and potatoes with Luke Beene's remaining fava beans.  No rhyme intended :)  In the late evening we hung out with Bob at the end of the north 40 near the newly grown potatoes where the deer a few months back came to its final resting place and looked to the east at the blue sky and green firs and were in awe of being alive.  We love our neighbor Bob and Heidi passed just over 2 years ago on May 16, 2018.  Right after breakfast Hb cut my hair.  It was very long and I have no clue the last time it was cut.
Thursday 28
A day at the OR Coast, it was 85 in Corvallis in the high 60's on the coast.  It was a glorious day, and we started out at the park on Yaquina Bay where we sat for a long while and looked over the Bay.  The park is very nice, and it was our first time finding the lovely spot.  From there we went out to lunch at the Irish Pub at Nye Beach.  Hb had a ruben sandwich and I had a salad and a bean burger with fries.  We walked the beach for a long while north up the beach.  From there we went to Georgies, a restaurant attached to a hotel just south of Nye Beach just before the bridge.  We then parked near the boats and downtown and Hb had ice cream.  We then sat on a deck of a shop and overlooked the sea lions for quite a while, they make a big racket.  The ride home was mellow, and the new bypass is really very cool and makes the ride a bit less stressful.  Came home, had a salad and had a long talk with Steve who gave us some horseradish and I did some watering of my starts.
Friday 29
Late in the day Hb and I went for a bike ride over to WL and back through the park.  On the way home we stopped by Jorge and Katherine's house as we saw them working outside in their garden.  They were at Renee's pot luck for Memorial Day evening.  He showed me a picture of his boat that is down in southern Ca.  Earlier in the afternoon I spoke to Johng.  He was possibly interested in staying at our house in mid June.  He is now out at Janet's house on the coast.
Saturday 30
Got up early and did our food shopping.  Stopped by Safeway for Hb's favorite Tapatio sauce then on to the VC.  Hit the Farmer's Market for awhile then got home and Bob and Peggy came over.  They bought food at the coop and then came by to hang out for the early afternoon.  The rain held off till afternoon so the morning was cloudy but dry and we got our stuff done.  In the afternoon and evening we watched the horrific netflix documentary on jeff epstein, a very sad commentary about the corruption of power, money and humanity.
Sunday 31
Vacuumed and cleaned my whole room.  This happens every few months and today, Sunday was the day...  In the evening we went for a walk around the block and ran into Mark and Joey.


June 2020


Monday 01
Alsea Falls, left house at 10:30am.  Had the whole place to ourselves.  We literally sat on the rock above the falls and saw no one.  The whole place was shut down, we sat there in the sun and meditated for awhile.  Then we walked up the highway a bit and walked up the bike road for one mile.  Absolutely beautiful spot.  It was sunny and warm today and perfect.  It was great exercise.  Afterwards we rode into Alsea and had a delicious lunch at Debs.  It was our first time there and we were happy lunch eaters.  Came back home via Erwin Rd.  It was about a 40 minute or less ride home.  An amazing, super fantastic summer day was had by all.
Tuesday 02
Hb went to the dentist and I worked outside down at Russell's.  I planted some blue hubbard seeds from my latest and last blue hubbard that I ate last weekend.  None of my cucumbers made it.  We went to the Tuesday market briefly and picked up some tamales.  I am not into hanging out there much with the mask scene going on.  Oh well, maybe next year, we will see.
Wednesday 03
Long 2 hour talk with Liz in the morning.  She is doing much better.  In the afternoon I dramatically cut back the tree on Jay's property line that was hanging over the walnut tree big time and getting in the way of mowing and drowning out the walnut tree.  Dragged all of the branches over to the north 40 which is still filled with grass.  Jen cut her field yesterday but the north 40 still is filled up with grass.  Afterwards I cut the side lawn only and Hb made us a nice dinner.  Afterwards I had a long talk with Luke and he bought XLE at the March 23 market lows and got a nice profit.
Thursday 04
Hang out with Renee in the early afternoon overlooking her whole property.  She cleared out the hill side and set up a nice table and chairs right on the side of the road with a flower vase on top.  Her sister was in town yesterday with her niece Paige.  They went camping at House Rock a few days back and had a nice time.  We chatted for a long while.  Afterwards we walked home through the park and had a nice lunch which I had prepared prior to leaving.  In the mid afternoon I finished cutting the grass, spoke to Dad, and then trimmed back a bunch of bushes on the side yard between Jay and Sarah and us.  I told Anna those bushes were turning things into a jungle around here.
Friday 05
Went over to Renee's to plant Hera, the goddess of heaven.  Bill and I came back to our house to get some manure and then headed back over to Renee's for the planting of Dev's plant that she received from Tal called Afghan Kush.  In the evening Hb went back over for the ceremony of the full moon.
Saturday 06
Up early, hit winco and tj's prior to going to the farmer's market.  in the late afternoon we walked over to dev and bill's with the gluten free flour we bought earlier in the day at the coop.  bill and I had a nice chat.  I was sunny and cold on our walk there and home.  june in oregon at 55 degrees on the way home.
Sunday 07
Up early and drove over to Brownsville.  Got to walk around the park and at the end of the walk it started to rain so we came home.  Late in the day we went for a walk over to the cemetery and saw Amy coming out of Coho.  The weather is cold and cloudy and showery, normal weather in OR which we have not seen since moving here.
Monday 08
Went out for a short afternoon walk and met Mindy and Jessica who are mothers of Elsie and Bonnie and other kids who live in the flag lot next Breeze on Marion who has the amazing garden.  Late in the day we went for our walk and on the way home saw Nancy in her front yard and she took us to her back yard and gave Hb some nice flowers.  Nancy I believe is one of the first people we met the first couple of days we were in Corvallis as she was having lots of gatherings back then and Pedro met her early on and so did his Mom Nancy.  She would have neighborhood night out gatherings for many years and so seeing her tonight and going back in her huge backyard was nice.  She has "lots" of mowing to do, oh my gosh !:)
Tuesday 09
Tuesday market for the first time where we hung out at the end at length.  We talked to Zach, Jack Wiley, and Haley.  Walk earlier through the park and got to the Tuesday market around 6:30pm.
Wednesday 10
Walk over to WL Park and hung out at the basketball court on my bench over looking Mary's Peak and Hb took her normal spot on the grass.  In the evening Johng was back in town for a few days so he stopped by and then Phoenix and Gloria showed so we had a nice party in the driveway.
Thursday 11
Walk around the block and picked a bunch of yummy cherries at Kathy Miller's house.  This year is an absolutely bumper crop at her house.  I ate so many cherries today that I am good for the rest of the year.  Today there were really ripe and juicy.  I think they are close to being at their peak.  In the evening we went for a walk and ran into Owen Dell on his porch and rapped with him for around 45 minutes.  We always have good talks.
Friday 12
We went to Grocery Depot, TJs, VC, and the Coop at around 1pm.  It was raining earlier in the day and started clearing up at dusk.  We went for a walk in the evening and ran into johng and he took us to Phoenix and Naj's home and Renee was there too.  Afterwards we saw Brynn walking home with her dog so we walked with her.  Her father, Roy Heintz, was a psychology professor at cal state long beach.
Saturday 13
Farmer's market was quiet and cloudy and slightly rainy but still nice.  I bought a bunch of basil from Rachel at Rainshine Farm.  In the evening we walked over to Lincoln School and saw the construction project of the ground leveling for the new set of buildings costing around 50M.  In the afternoon Hb got my gluten free bread from Dev, the best gluten free bread I have ever had along with some cookies, wow !
Sunday 14
Phoenix came over in the morning and we hung out for awhile.  Then Bob and Peggy showed up around lunch time and we had a nice meal together.  They went to their healing circle and Phoenix and I went to the park to go for a walk, throw some frisbee and take a nap.  We saw Bonnie in the park tambien.  It was a nice day, not too hot, not too sunny, just really nice.  It got cloudier as the day wore on.  A few more days of sun and clouds and then it really warms up.  Stay tuned...
Monday 15
it was kind of a rainy day but we got a walk in and went over to WL for a short walk over there and then back through the park.  two more days of crappy weather and then its supposed to warm up.
Tuesday 16
the storm was finally starting to blow out of here after weeks of a mix of sun, clouds and rain.  walk in the park prior to going to the tuesday market.  I talked to Ken for awhile.  Miller just got back into town from Hawaii, but Ken has not seen him yet.  we bought 6 tortillas from francesca and had some after the market.
Wednesday 17
First nice full sun and warm weather in quite a while.  Went for a walk at the park at MLK park on walnut.  Prior to that we stopped by winco for an 80 pack of tortillas, that is our new standard tortilla hit.  we walked around the hood up near mlk and spoke to a mail man who said he gets paid $18 bucks an hour plus OT.  He said 60% of the packages he delivers are for amazon.  He said they are temps for 4 years until they become regulars with no benefits except for medical but still they have to pay something.
Thursday 18
In the morning I went to get 0.2 gallons of gas or $.77 cents worth for the lawn mower.  Coming into the end of the mowing season so don't need much gas to lay over for the summer.  I also went to the Market of Choice to buy a Fuch's tooth brush along with a new tongue scraper.  Then went to TJ's too to get some turkey and another keg of yogurt.  We are cranking through this fat free delight.  In the afternoon Hb and I went for a walk through the cemetery and ran into Joe walking back through the lower land of Michael and Cheryl's.  He lost his vape pen.  Then we hung out at the Tuesday Market and spoke to Rachel and Elias who were doing their Thursday market share along with Michael tambien.  We ate a ton of awesomely ripe cherries at Kathy Miller's.  They are fully ripe and into their peak day of sweetness and plumpness.  We have been eating them the past week, but today was the ultimate day for the best of the best or creme de la creme.  It doesn't get any better than cherries off the tree.  I think I can eat more of them than I can blue berries when I am at Andrea Davis's farm out in King's Valley.
Friday 19
Worked in the morning then got to Pedro's at 1pm.  Hb showed up about 3:30pm and we hung at Pedro's till 4:30pm.  I came home, had some dinner, and a cookie (oh no).  "Sugar is an addictive poison and makes me feel crappy".  But it gave me a boost to work outside and get the dirt prepared in the backyard herb garden and then plant all of the good 3 remaining cucumber plants and basil that still looks pretty lame.  The weather shifted late in the day from clear and sun to socked in clouds but no rain.
Saturday 20
Farmer's market at noon.  Bought 3 tomato plants for $6, the other 2 plants we bought in Albany were also 2 bucks.  In the later afternoon we went for a walk in the park and then I planted the tomatoes in the round compost garden in the evening.  So that was night number two of doing gardening outside in the evening.
Sunday 21
Hb and I went for a walk near Mike Beilstein's house and picked up 3 jars of jelly along the way for 10 bucks.  Afterwards we hit TJ's and the COOP for shopping and then came home and had sausages and tofu and sprouts we got at the coop.
Monday 22
Hb and I went to buy an Old Hickory shed out on Hwy 34.  In the evening we went for a walk, I moved the cucumber plant away from the shed as we are putting in a new shed and its not in a good place.  Phoenix stopped by at dusk and we had a nice chat.
Tuesday 23
Up early and was back at the shed place with my check by 10am.  I paid off the full amount clocking in just a bit under 4k including putting it together on site.  We will need that because the 10ft by 12ft shed which is the bigger one will not fit through the gate at 9ft, so we went with the 10x12 instead of the 8x10.  I think the selling point for me on the whole deal was them putting it together on site.  In the late afternoon we walked over to the park and then on to the Tuesday market.  We had a nice chat with Oatmar in the park on the edge.  He was reading a book and we were hanging out in the grass.  Tuesday market was nice.  We got some nice lettuce for free from Zach and Hailey and talked to Ildi, then walked back home with she and Renee who was on a scooter.
Wednesday 24
Hb went to see Marie at 10am.  Late in the afternoon we did a bunch of work outside including emptying the entire old shed / metal building of all its stuff.  We put everything in the dog kennel.  It is now ready to be torn down and or dealt with.  Afterwards we went for a short walk around the Thompson block and got home just at dusk which is these days around 9pm.
Thursday 25
Left the house at 10am, hung at the fork to Peggy's house and walked up the hill and ran into some beautiful fox glove.  Got to their house at 11:30am and I walked around their property for a bit.  It was my first time there, and Hb's second time.  She went there for the first time soon after they purchased the property last autumn.  It has come a long way and it is gorgeous !  And the barn is rock and roll...  We had a very nice lunch on the deck and it was sunny and not too hot.  We had a nice home made pizza with salad and I had a bunch of corn tortillas.  After lunch I walked all the way back down the road to the 1 mile marker, they live at 2.  It was a beautiful walk through some nice old growth trees.  Came back and Bob was done working and we walked around the property some.  Then Hb and I went to the coop and got some bananas and Hb got some ice cream.  Then we drove over to the ocean but it was too cold and windy to walk on the beach.  The fog had just rolled in and the wind was a bit too much.  We had an uneventful ride home.  That new bypass really makes the drive bearable.  Prior to the bypass the road back from Newport was a bit stressful but now its actually not bad at all, sometimes new things and technology of building hiways in America actually works out for us humans ! :)  Watched the Samadhi movie which was top notch.
Friday 26
Long talk with Dad in the morning, he got a new reading machine and is now able to read the WSJ, Larry sent me a video of it.  In the late afternoon I started harvesting the garlic, day 1.  Hb and I went out for a walk late and saw Phoenix and Naj in the cemetery walking and then ran into Mark and Joey.  I stopped by Russells and did some watering.
Saturday 27
Farmer's Market, got a bunch of lettuce.  Phoenix came over in the afternoon and we hung out for awhile, then Jan came over.  She had not been inside our house since the pandemic hit back in March, March 13 to be exact, the day after Hb's bday.  Hb and I went for a walk and ran into Russell who talked to us for awhile about the virus.
Sunday 28
Andrew Decker came over late in the day to look at the shed and commit to Wed morning to start the disassembly.  Earlier I had a nice talk with Bob on his driveway and then proceeded to cut the grass everywhere.  Hb went out with Dev for a few hours in the afternoon.
Monday 29
Long letter to David K for his birthday on Samadhi.  Also see pt folder from this day and email on this day.  At 6pm we went to Scott and Kathy's for a nice conversation.  Scott told me about the Indians in Florida in the 1500's around the time of DeSoto.  Phoenix stopped by at the end of the day with cheese cakes for tomorrow evening.
Tuesday 30
Final day of part I.  Spoke to Dad in the early afternoon.  Hb went with Maria Towey to the park for a 2 hour meditation.  We then headed over to the park and hung out with Joe from Pittsburgh for awhile in the park and then the 3 of us walked back up to the Tuesday market.  I bought some tamales from Francesca, hung out with Ken and had a long talk with Linda Sebring about Sanskrit at Phoenix's new cafe which he fired up a few weeks back.  So it was a good final day of June had by all.






July 2020


Wednesday 01
Kicking off part II of the year with a bang !  Andrew Decker showed up around 8am and we worked till 1pm.  He totally un-assembled the shed and loaded it onto his truck.  The roof of the structure remains for him to come back with his friend to move it out of here.  It went very smoothly and no one got hurt.  The weather was cool and a bit rainy at times for the 1st of July, and I dug up a bunch of garlic while he worked in the back yard.
Around 5pm Hb and I went for a walk over to the water company, it was sunny, chilly and a bit windy, summer in oregon :)
Thursday 02
I went over to TJs after lunch to buy some things as they are closed on Saturday for the 4th.  It was my first time wearing a mask in a public place and I used my long sleeve Tshirt as a mask which works nicely as you can wash it anytime you want. When I got home Phoenix arrived and we went for a big walk and did not get back till about 8pm.  Andrew arrived with his friend PJ and they took away the roof.  That project is now complete, the shed is officially gone and in appreciation Hb and I gave Andrew a $100 bill.
Friday 03
Started off the day with a nice talk with Bob Egerman whom I haven't spoken to since his Mom died.  So it was great to re-connect with him.  In the late afternoon we drove over to Brooklane, parked at the top of the hill, and walked around the block including a stroll on the CC golf course.  We then continued up Agate and did the loop up to the top of the hill and back down and around.  It was a splendid evening the night before 4th of July weekend.  Renee, Kathy Miller and Anna stopped by at dusk to walk the garden and hang out for a bit.
Saturday 04
Farmer's market in the morning, it was a mellow day at the market and the weather was perfect.  in the evening we went to ildi's first and then on to russell's for a fire circle.  zach was there, the old city council man.  we met cynthia who lives on the corner of ryan and bell and has the beautiful front yard.
Sunday 05
Quite the interesting day.  Started off with a nice talk with John Zeuli.  I did a big walk in the park while I was talking to him.  I walked all the way through the park to the end and past Renee's and then turned around and walked all the way back to my house.  On the way home I walked through Bell Park, got scolded by the woman across the way and continued onwards.  Hb was having the windows cleaned by Tiernan, Maria's son.  I started working on cleaning up the slab for the new shed and got rid of all of the pine cones in the pile and the needles into the yard waste bin.  Had a nice lunch, chilled out for awhile with my spanish Blair book and had a nice chat with Ken V who stopped by for awhile and we talked about random stuff as always.  Its been awhile since he and I talked and he kept his bike at the end of the driveway and I sat back behind the car and we talked for awhile.  Then Hb and I went out for a short evening walk around the block returning just before 9pm and the long summer evenings in Oregon.
Monday 06
First time ever at the Snag Boat Bend Unit of the Findley Natl Wildlife Refuge.  Snag boat bend is 372 acres.  In the evening I spoke to Dad and we did some weeding and watering outside.
Tuesday 07
Hb and I went for a long walk to the boat ramp and then back through the woods.  We skipped the Tuesday market and got home around 7:15pm.  We saw Francesca on Bell at her daughter's house right around 7pm.  In the throes of reading the english part of the Blair book and just finished the Treaty of Ciudad Juarez.
Wednesday 08
Around 5pm Hb and I drove to Reese Creek Rd just west of Bellfountain just before Bellfountain Park.  We drove all the way up towards the end and ran into a bobcat sitting in the middle of the road and it said end county maintenance right there.  It was a beautiful evening and we walked a bit through some high grass into the clear cut that was growing back and then walked down the road some and back.  Driving out that way is a meditation in and of itself and I am looking for more real life meditative practices that take you there.  At the end of the evening while doing some research I learned that Starr Creek Rd will now eventually hook up with Reese Creek or Hells Canyon Rd.
Thursday 09
Zoom call with Bob Egerman, Cary Robinson, Berk, David, Jeff, Karetsky, Rachlin, Sam Feldman, John Goldberg, Bobby Goldstein, Sigman, Cliff...  Afterwards Hb and I went for a walk and helped some folks find a way down with their boats which was under the big tree at the WL meadow / field.  Renee, Ildi, and Kathy Miller stopped by at the end of the evening.  Bob let me borrow a screw driver to fix my scissors as a screw popped out.
Friday 10
Laundry in the morning.  In the early afternoon after lunch we went back to Starr Creek Rd.  It was the other side from 2 nights ago when we went up Reese Creek Rd.  There were tons of trucks kicking up a bunch of dust building the new road, so we tucked in a side way and hiked up the hill and then back around down to the folks with horses.  The trails are really nice.  Then from there we went down their driveway and back out their dirt path to see a beautiful old growth big maple tree forest.  That is the way OR forests used to be before man came in and logged the heck out of it.  Came home and a nice long talk with Stewart Cohn.  He is doing well and working at Forshaw's Summer Furniture store.
Saturday 11
Farmer's market a tad bit earlier than usual as Hb was going to her healing group with Skye, Peggy and Bob and Ken was coming over to hang out.  We got back around 12:30pm and Ken was here just around 1pm.  We went over to Phoenix's who was having a garage sale and he fed us a nice bowl of lentil soup.  We had a long talk with Michael V and a young physicist who was working on energy systems with K as the free electron for generating electricity.  Ken stayed at our house till about 5pm, we had a small dinner and I planted 2 more tomato plants and 2 pepper plants we got for free on a fence across the street and up the street a bit from Coho.  It was a gorgeous sunny summer day and the temps were perfect, not too hot but just right.  We are loving summer with some minor well known glitches. :)
Sunday 12
Today is Scott Williams 65th birthday and I called him in the morning and we had a great talk.  We talked about life in these times and the spiritual aspects of things along with my current passion of the Mexican Revolution.  As always, he gave me some more good insight of it.  Afterwards, Pedro came over after his bike ride and he made an executive decision with our backing to place the shed in the corner.  Peter is a big inspiration in our lives and he was he who guided us on many aspects of my life including the location of our new shed.  Bob and Peggy will be here next Saturday to take everything down.  Wow !  Hb and I went for a walk in the park in the afternoon.  It was a splendid day.
Monday 13
Went to wmt to buy some soap, I got 4 packages which should last me for another 6 months.  I was down to 3 packages and now we are back up to 7.  Then we went to Winco to buy tortillas and oatmeal.  Then we parked at the UU and went for a walk in the hood around there.  In the evening we went for another walk and had a nice talk with Tal.  That house on Crystal Lake is back on the market I think for more money.
Tuesday 14
Started working outside digging up some garlic around 9:30am - 10am, it was nice being outside in the morning.  Later in the day I swung by Kerstin's to pick up my bread and had a nice chat with her.  She also gave us a summer squash.  From there Hb and I went for a walk in the park and hung out down at the river at our favorite spot.  It was a perfect summer day, and this time HOT !  We like it hot.  Around 6:30pm we meandered up to the Tuesday market and I talked to Ken for awhile, Luke, and Michael V.  We then walked over to Phoenix's and drummed for awhile with Bill, Amy and Ildi.  Amy brought her drum which was awesome.
Wednesday 15
Starting to work outside in the morning day 1.  I went over to Russell's early before breakfast and dug up a bunch of the milk thistle.  What a nasty sticker plant.  I saw Russell who was going camping at the Metolius river and I agreed to put out his yard waste bin while he was gone.  Came home and chilled out for the day.  Hb went to VC.  In the evening we went for a walk around the short block.  Earlier we got our 5 liter olive oil and put it in our olive oil jars.
Thursday 16
Early morning work on garlic.  In the late afternoon we had a nice zoom talk with Larry, Iris, David and Hb for my Dad's 88th birthday.  Afterwards I had a long talk with Dad for his birthday.  Then Hb and I went for a walk around the park.
Friday 17
Shopping in the morning at VC, Grocery Depot and TJ's.  Wore my new mask that Pedro bought me yesterday on Amazon.  In the afternoon Phoenix came over and we drank green tea and went for a walk in the park.  On the way home we saw Brynn, Gin and I introduced her to Phoenix.  Hb rode her bike over to Dev's.   In the evening I went and got Russell's yard waste bin, watered at his place and looped around CL.  I watered with my watering can the side yard till 10pm.  We are on the tail end of the light around 10pm.  The light is starting to fade a bit, not fast yet, but soon...  Summer is at its peak, and I am basking in her glory.
Saturday 18
Farmer's market early right after breakfast.  Hb stayed home waiting for Bob and Peggy and I gave Chris $2 for playing the sax.  Did a quick round and was home about 10 minutes before Bob arrived.  I did some cooking and then Bob finished up the project of cutting down all of the poles of the dog kennel with a saw and then grinding down a few of them sticking out from the concrete.  He did the whole job in under 2 hours.  If you know what you are doing and have the right tools and your are smart as heck like Bob is you can get the job done really fast.  We had a nice lunch of salmon and turkey burgers, salad, and a nice summer squash vegetable dish with garlic and carrots.  They left right after lunch and Hb and I took it easy.  We went for a nice walk in the early evening.
Sunday 19
Hb and I got outside early and totally cleaned up the area around the old dog pen and chain link fence.  Bob cleared the whole thing out yesterday and by dark this evening I had swept off all of the remaining dirt from the weeds and pine cones and pine needles we got rid of that was lying on the back and the sides of the dog pen.  Late in the day we went over to Avery Park and walked around the whole park prior to showing up at Bina's garden party at around 6pm.  We met some nice folks from Brownsville along with our buddy Jim from the coop.  Bina gave us the grand tour which was lovely and Hb and I were the last ones to leave her party per usual.  It was a magnificent evening at Bina's with her famous lemon cake to boot.  Early in the afternoon I had a very long talk with Berk who will be coming to visit us on Sunday August 23.  I look forward to seeing him.  It has literally been years since we got together.  I have no clue the last time I saw him.  Absolutely no clue.
Monday 20
Work over at Russell's early in the morning, got back just before noon.  Pedro stopped by for awhile and I spoke to him.  He was on his way to the COOP.  On the way home spoke to Rand's friend Steve Lawson and then met Wendy who lives on Marion next to the house that was for sale.  She has been there since the year 2000.  Late in the day Hb and I went to both coops to look for tree people and their ads and then we walked around 29th and Arthur street and parked next to Cloverland City Park.  On the way home we stopped at TJ's to buy a watermelon.
Tuesday 21
Alec Amacher came by at noon to take a look at the Ponderosa Pine above the new shed spot.  He is a friend of Boyd's son Sean and was very nice.  Ken Williams told me that those folks charge around $175 per hour, so Alec's estimate of between $800 - 1k I think might be a bit high.  Tomorrow Justin comes out to give me an estimate as well.  I went over to Jan and Boyd's around 2pm and hung out at their house for over 1 hour.  Jan gave us a bunch of greens and I had a nice chat with Jan and Boyd.  In the evening we walked on down to the river and swung by the Tuesday market just as it was closing.  We then headed over to Phoenix's for the drumming circle with Amy.
Wednesday 22
At 2:20pm Justin the Big Tree guy came by our house and confirmed for me that the tree was healthy and that nothing needed to be done to it.  I really like Justin, he is a great guy and he told me about driving to Texas to pick up a chipper truck.  He is really cool and trustworthy and an all around really good guy.  Afterwards I spoke to Sharon on Skype.  She is day one out on the road in Mesquite, NV at the Virgin River Hotel and Casino.  In the evening we watered and then went for a walk around the block and met Eugene who lives next to Karen Mayo.  He was talking to Mark and Joey and we walked up.  I had met him before but this was the first time we had a real talk.  He is into boating and partying.  We discussed the 4 plants.
Thursday 23
Spoke to Judd Simpson from Old Hickory Sheds.  Spoke to Iris today at 9am and then Judd.  In the evening I spoke to Liz who is selling her home in Carlsbad.  At 5pm we went for a lovely walk in the WV off of White Oak Road.  It was our first time to this spot and we walked along side a lovely wheat field.
Friday 24
Awoke this morning to cloudy and cool weather, with a Sunday forecast of 100 degrees.  Today was the day !  Blueberries at Andrea Davis's.  It was a perfect day.  We got there with only one other group of people.  We picked twenty (20) pounds of blueberries at $2 a lb for $40 bucks.  It filled our whole freezer stacked to the top so we are good till next year.  Andrea as always is very cool and we enjoyed our time there.  Came home and Hb did all of the processing and finished the job.  In the evening we watched the movie Distinguished Citizen.  It is an excellent movie on Netflix that takes place in a small town in Argentina called Salas.
Saturday 25
Farmer's market in the morning.  Got my first round of apples from Bell and asked the guy if it was OK if I picked up his apples off the ground.  On the way home, stopped by Cynthia's and hung out in her backyard for awhile.  It was my first time in her back yard.  It is very nice.  Had a nice talk with Dad in the early evening.  Also, went to Russell's and watered for Barbara.  She is out of town for a few days.
Sunday 26
In the morning we chilled out and then around lunch time went out to Alsea to the park out there called Clemens Park.  It was absolutely beautiful.  I am now recognizing better the old growth forests.  It was HOT !  Around 100, but Hb and I enjoyed the heat.  Hb had a nice piece of pie and ice cream at Debs in town prior to our arrival.  Earlier in the day I did laundry.  On the way home from Alsea we stopped by the little country farm stand next to Naj's house and got some peaches.  I also picked up apples when we got home from the guy on Bell.  I will be doing daily apple picking from here on out for the next number of days.  In the evening I went back over and watered for Barbara at Russell's.
Monday 27
More apple gathering around 5pm for day 3 of apple pick up.  Hb went to get a massage from Peter Hartman at noon.  In the morning I watered here as today was going to be another warm one.  In the evening we went for a short walk around the block and I cleaned some more garlic.  Happy bday Mom !  See you next year on your birthday... Love, Michael
Tuesday 28
Up early, over to Russell's to water for the last time for Barbara.  Had a real nice talk with Russell about Samadhi, he saw the movie and wanted to talk to me about it in the context of his recent experience of mind altering meditations.  Mark W. showed up towards the end of our talk.  Day 2 of picking blackberries with the ladder along with my apple and hot cereal dish, yummy !  At just after 5pm we walked over to the river and sat on the rocks.  We skipped the Tuesday market and did not get home till about 8:30pm.  We met a nice woman who was thinking of moving from Eugene to Corvallis.  Renee and Anna also showed up down there as well.
Wednesday 29
Started the day off early at 8am at Firestone for an oil change on the subaru.  Walked over to Mem Union on campus and then back on campus way.  Learned that Troy was moving to the Eugene Firestone to be a store manager there.  Here in town he was the service manager.  He lives in North Albany.  Came home, and then Hb and I went to Home Depot for oil and then the lawn mower store for a new air filter then TJ's for shopping.  Came home and changed the oil and a new air filter in the lawn mower.  Then drove back down town to Firestone to drop off my old lawn mower oil.  Stopped by the COOP to get some tofu and sprouts.  Sprouts always come on Wednesday !
Thursday 30
Morning work on garlic cleanup.  I only have one more bed to do and I will be done pulling the garlic out of the ground.  In the afternoon I spoke to Sharon for around 45 minutes on the phone.  She is tucked in in Riverton, WY and headed out to Dubois yesterday for her first big hike into the WindRiver Range.  After dinner I finished up harvesting the garlic.  Its done, officially just under the wire before July comes to a close with one day left.  Now I have to do some more processing over the next number of weeks, but that can happen rather slowly.  Now I need to clean the garlic and store it in Hb's closet, but all of the stocks have been taken off and are sitting in the yard waste bin to go out tomorrow.
Friday 31
Ken arrived at 9:50am and I took him over to Peoria.  While he was getting ready I walked down the street a bit.  Came back and hung out with Juliet at the Tuesday market stand.  She is having a bday party bbq tomorrow evening.  Then stopped by Naj's house and hung out with her and Phoenix for awhile.  Walked home.  Hb got home from Maria's around 5pm.  She had a reading with her.  I did some watering outside in the evening.


August 2020


Saturday 01
Nice farmer's market, perfect temps.  Hb got her burrito and pie.  I got some beans from Bina.  In the afternoon I prepared some squash for Juliett's birthday gathering this evening at the Tuesday farm stand.  We had a nice time.  I made applesauce tambien which was a big hit too.  Summer is moving along, and the first day of August in here !
Sunday 02
Ken came over early, and then Dev showed up too and we had a nice little lunch together.  Then Ken and I went over to Jude's pond and then over and did the Starr Creek Road hike all the way over the top and started back down the other side.  Beautiful !  We came home and hung out a bit with Shalawn and Tegan who stopped by to see our garden.  Hb went to Renee's in the evening for a full moon ceremony. 
Monday 03
Harvested our first cucumbers of the season at Russell's.  We got 4 and I gave one to Anthony Russell's little grandson and his daughter for their nice dinner outside.  We watered over there and then continued along on Crystal Lake.
Tuesday 04
Very nice drumming circle today with Amy at Naj's.  Arrived there at 6pm as Hb was getting some jewels from anoel / note leona backwards.  We had a nice chat with her Saturday evening at Juliet's bday party and she delivered a load of jewelery to Hb this evening.  It was a perfect night with Naj, Ildi, Dan, Amy and Hb all drumming together.  Summer is in full gear, full height, and full glory with stupendous weather and such.  All in gratitude, namaste.
Wednesday 05
Started out the day with a talk with Chad Unruh from the shed company.  I got his number / connection via Judd Simpson.  On my talk with Chad I learned that we are number 11 on the list which means a few more weeks out.  That said, we decided today to go away on a trip this Monday.  We went to Block 15 for lunch and then got fries next door at Sarah's company.  Afterwards we went to Winco for tortillas and the VC for my treats for both cereal and dessert in the evening now being date items.
Thursday 06
In the early afternoon we went on a nice walk prior to going to TJ's.  We walked across Dixon and back along 13th.  It rained this morning for awhile so the weather was cool, cloudy and lovely.  Came home and cooked some salmon for dinner.  In the evening we went for a short walk around the block.
Friday 07
Peter came by at 10am and stayed until close to 1:30pm.  That came back later in the day for round 2 of his bracelet.  Hb restrung the bracelet for a 2nd time with one added bead and a slightly looser fitting.  Spoke to Dad around 5pm; and earlier cooked a slurry of turkey and polenta; yummy in my tummy.  In the evening we walked through WL back around to the park.  It was a picture perfect evening.  We stopped by Kathy's on the way on our walk and dropped off a mac charger, and saw Brenda as we looped back past Kathy's house.
Saturday 08
Farmer's market at 9am.  Picked up Dev on the way home walking down Alexander.  She came over for the meditation with Christian Lopes.  In the afternoon Hb went to her healing circle and I went over to Jan and Boyd's and hung out for a while and then Hb came over and the 4 of us hung out for awhile.  Jan gave us some greens.  In the evening we went to Michael and Cheryl's 8/8 party.  It was a mellow evening at the farmstand.  I talked to Mark and Valerie and hung out with them while they partied on some home made material.  Ken was there in good spirits and he gave me 2 nice gluten free buns.  A good day was had by all.
Sunday 09
Great day out at McDowell Creek Falls.  It was our first time out there.   We stopped by the COOP around noon and Hb picked up some lunch.  Then we headed over to our favorite rock shop on River Road just outside of Lebanon.  We met the owner of the rock shop for the first time.  I think his name is Joe.  From there we had a super nice lunch in the park of old growth trees in Waterloo.  We had the whole park to ourselves.  We then headed out to the waterfall park.  We were there all afternoon.  At the upper parking lot is a nice trail off into the woods which we walked along until it came to a T.  
Monday 10
Watered before 9am.  Got to costco before noon to buy a new set of glasses.  My script expires in Nov, so I wanted to get another round of glasses.  They still have my exact same frame available, so I went with both pair of glasses.  I should be good for another 3 years (at least).  Afterwards we had lunch at our favorite Italian restaurant downtown Albany.  We got a salad and some gluten free pasta.  Afterwards we walked around downtown.  The merry go round is re-opened so we enjoyed sitting in there and watching the little kids ride the ride.  I like the music in there too.
At 7pm I had a 40 minute talk with David Lawson.  Hb and I went for a walk around the block twice.  The first time was with Mike and Kirsten and the 2nd trip was by ourselves.  I called David Lawson back at 9pm and we spoke for about 90 more minutes including Eckhart Tolle.
Tuesday 11
Tuesday market, had a nice talk with Craig.  It was his 2nd week at the market.  Johng was back in town so we hung out with him for a bit at Renee's.  Pairs are rocking and rolling, and they are falling fast and we are getting some good ones.  Although this years crop is light, the tree is producing nicely.
Wednesday 12
Phoenix came by early in the morning to check in.  Hb and I went for a walk to the river and hung out there around 5pm, we got home around 7pm.  It was only 78 today, lovely.  I got the garlic in better shape and some of it tucked away and sorted.  I have more to do but a good chunk of it is done.
Thursday 13
At around 1:30pm we headed over to the cemetery to pick pears with Phoenix.  We got 2 full bags of green pears.  Afterwards we went to Kathy Lorenson and Rob's house to hang out for awhile.  They were going on a 6 week journey to Sherman, Tx.  Then we went over to Oak Creek Canyon and walked to the Kiosk.  Got home around 6pm.  It was a glorious day !  The next couple of days are going to be HOT !
Friday 14
Starting around 11am Hb and I worked outside cleaning up the backyard with further preparations for the shed.  We got a lot done and worked till about 2pm.  Came inside, took a shower and chilled out till 7pm when we went back out and walked down Bridgeway and back up Angelica's street.  We talked to her for awhile about the house next door and she told us the whole story about how the guy hasn't been there in 20 years, pays his taxes every 3 years to keep from being shut down, and has never returned back home to his house.
Saturday 15
Hb and I went to the Farmer's market at the normal time.  Around 4pm we went over to the Tuesday market and hung out with Juliet, Shin-Way, and Adam who we saw up on the roof yesterday on Bridegway.  We talked to Cheryl and Steve tambien.  It was a nice HOT afternoon just under 100 degrees.  One of the hottest days of the summer, toasty, roasty.
Sunday 16
Up early, went for a walk over to Russell's and did some watering for Barbara and dug up some milk thistle.  In the afternoon we did some food shopping at the normal spots.  In the evening we went for a nice walk, and hung out in the cemetery for a bit.  It was a mostly cloudy day, but warm, bordering on humid and hot.
Monday 17
At 1pm I spoke to Brian Wehrung, we had been trying to connect for the past couple of weeks.  In the evening Hb and I walked down to the park and sat on the bench.  We stayed there till dark which is unusual.  It was a gorgeous warm summer evening.  In fact, according to the forecast it looks like today will be the last day in the 90's this summer.  The past number of days have been around 90, and last Saturday it was close to 100.  But from here on out its down hill back into the 80's for the rest of the month.
Tuesday 18
Tuesday market at around 6pm.  Hung out with Mark at Naj's who grew up in Anthony, NM.  He worked on the Santa Fe Railroad and worked in Silver City some.  He is a great guy.  Last Saturday at the 8/8 party; I hung out with him and Valerie.  Afterwards Craig came by and we walked with him back to our house along with Naj and Allison.  It was a beautiful evening and not too hot.
Wednesday 19
Started out the day early at Russell's, back by 9:30am.  Gave Russell a cucumber, dug up some dirt to get ready for fall planting.  Walked home with Shalawn, Kagan, and Tegan whose birthday is Monday, she will be 2.  Jan stopped by and I gave her some cucs and we talked about the different varieties of garlic seed.  Hb went to Juliet's house for a meeting to talk about cooking.  I had a long talk with Dad around 1:15pm for about 75 minutes then one hour later at 4pm a long talk with Jeff Mankoff and the zbt boys round 2.  In the evening we went for a short walk, and Kathy Miller came over to hang out and pick up a charger for the mac.
Thursday 20
Bought gas at I5 and then was at Costco around 10:30am, got the TP, and picked up my glasses and was out of there in like 10 minutes.  It was fast, wow.  Then we headed over to a really nice park called Bowman Park, hung out in the park for awhile, then went up the hill and down the street along the trail almost to downtown.  Turned around came back and then had our first lunch at Rigobertos. Yummy !!, after more than 7 years we found a great place to eat with yummy Mexican food.  Came home and chilled out for the rest of the day.  Hb went on a walk with Reenie in the evening.
Friday 21
Big day here on numerous fronts.  I was up around 3am and did some work, listened to Spanish and tracked UI earnings release date.  They were possibly going to come out the past 2 Friday's but today was the day.  Chad Unruh arrived around 10am and was here till about 5pm.  They did a super fantastic job on building the shed, Hb and I could not be happier.  In the evening we walked over to the Lincoln School construction project.  Ran into Adam on his bike, who we have been seeing almost every week.  We met him a few weeks back at the market and at Juliet's gathering.  We also met Mark who lives a bit up the street from Luke.  He has a new deck on his house and the materials for that deck was around 5k so it lines up with what we paid for the shed which was just under 4k with the on site building fee etc...  Hb picked out a great blue color for the roof which is a huge hit.
Saturday 22
Farmer's market in the morning.  Prior I went to meet Barbara to get a big cabbage and talk to her about the garden, which was nice.  She is an excellent gardener and knows what the heck she is doing.  She takes after her sister Jeannie.  The market was nice.  We hung out with Luke a bit, bought some eggplant from him.  And then talked to Bina for awhile.  She is going back to Germany on October 20 returning home on the 6th of January.  We came home and Bill and Dev came over.  I gave Dev 10 N95 masks which we got earlier at 7-11.  The boy scouts were giving them away, and Dev is the one who told us about them.  I also gave her some garlic and other goodies.  Then I cooked lunch and moved everything out of the garage.  Hb cleaned out the whole garage and I ate and talked to my Dad.  Then I started putting some stuff back into the new shed.  It all looks great !  Boyd came by first thing in the morning to check it out, and Bob came over mid afternoon to take a look at the new pad, which he calls the man cave.  It was a superiorly beautiful day.  Sharon leaves Wyoming next Friday, and has been there already 4 weeks.
Sunday 23
Spent most of the day wrapping up the material transition from the garage to our brand spanking new shed.  We love the shed, its almost a perfect spot with a nice space.  Happy, very happy, about the new 4k shed.  In the afternoon we went to the VC and the Coop for some light food shopping.  Back home to round out the day with finishing touches on clean up.  Then we had our famous turkey and beans for dinner.  It had been months since we had the beans, with an added 27% salt.  Hb bought us ice cream for dessert, mint chip to be exact.   It was a gorgeous evening, and we did a walk over to WL.  On the way back we ran into Kirsten and Mart and we talked about designer masks for Hb.
Monday 24
Hb went to buy paint for the garage.  She is painting the garage on Wednesday and got a red color.  In the afternoon we spent some more time cleaning up the garage.  In the evening we walked over to Renee's, hung out a bit with Phoenix and Naj, and looked at Tracy's new urt.  There 2 new urts on the property.
Tuesday 25
Pedro came over in the morning and we hung out in front of the shed and on the chairs in the back yard for several hours.  It was a beautiful summer day and Hb, Pedro, and I were happy.  Hb did more work in garage prep.  In the evening we went over to the Tuesday market and hung out with Haley, Jack Wiley, and Wendy who is Haley's grandma and Jack's great grandma.  She has 9 kids, 47 grandchildren, and 6 great-grandchildren and she is 3 years younger than Hb.  She is from Utah.  Craig was there too, along with Ildi so we had a nice time.  I bought 1/2 gallon of honey from Craig for $24.
Wednesday 26
Michael was here before 8am to paint the garage red.  He did a super fantastic job !  Around 5pm Lee Miller came by and we fed him dinner outside.  It was great to see him.  He has been going up to Portland because he has been having detached retina issues with his eyes.  He is a great guy.  We went for a walk after he left and met our new neighbors on Marion Andrew and Jessica.  They moved into the house next to Wendy from Portland.
Thursday 27
Hb and I went outside and worked starting at around 11am and we were out there till almost 3pm.  It was a gorgeous super fantastic day in OR, a classic late August day.  We did a lot of work in the backyard.  In the afternoon Hb went to get some copies and I stayed home and talked to Dad.  The pool at his place opens in a few weeks, finally... This virus has been a bit of a bummer for him, according to me; but I don't think it has gotten in his way too much.  We are happy about our new shed, the garage looking real nice, with the new paint job yesterday Michael and the general clean up of the place.  Hats off to Hb once again for scoring big time in our life, continually.  She clearly does not, and has never gotten all of the credit she deserves for making my life what it is today across the board.
Friday 28
Last evening we hung out with Patrick and Mindy outside their house for a nice amount of time.  It was one of the first evenings all summer that we spent some time together.  It has been that kind of a summer, strange, bizarre, and a learning experience.  We have all grown, appreciated, developed and grown to know our own species better.  In the morning I watered the garden.  We cooked some food for lunch and then went to the Luckimuite River confluence with the WR.  The last time we were there was in the winter and we couldn't make it all the way to the river because it was flooded out.  We hung out at the river between 3 to 4pm and then drove to albany for dinner again at rigoberto's.  It was yummy once again.  Came home and walked over to Russell's to water.
Saturday 29
Farmer's market.  In the evening Renee and Dev came over and I walked over to Russell's with Crystal and I picked some tomatoes.  It was a beautiful day.  I talked to Dad for awhile in the late afternoon around 5pm, which is our most recent usual time to talk.
Sunday 30
In the afternoon we did the shopping circuit, after a nice walk and a very nice sit on a bench in the park at the end of Cleveland called Garfield City Park.  Earlier in the day around 8am, Phoenix came over and we hung out for awhile and then I walked over to his house and then walked back home.
Monday 31
Hb had her Tom Kenyon group this evening at the house, it was perfect night with perfect temps, not too hot, and not windy.  Afterwards we went for a big walk around the hood and saw the almost full moon rise in a nice way.  We stopped and spoke to Cesar and Celia.  Celia was born in 68 and Cesar in 88, she was 20 when she had him.  They are the 2 C's, and we are the 2 M's.
Earlier I did some blackberry cleanup for the 1st time in Jen's yard.  It wasn't in too bad of shape.


September 2020


Tuesday 01
Tuesday market, spoke to Mark Willhoit at his house, he showed us his native american flutes that he made awhile back.  Then we hung out at the market a bit and walked on down to reenes; craig and dhara rose were both there singing to each other.  cedar was down there and the full moon came up along with jaffer.
Wednesday 02
Hb had her Tom Kenyon group in the evening for the 2nd time this week.  Earlier in the afternoon Ken came over and we hung out for a few hours and had a nice lunch together.  Hb went out for awhile so we had a nice time to hang out together.  In the morning I totally put away all of the junk and plastic pots that were on the extra slab.  All of the extra stuff that came out of the old shed was just sitting on the slab since early July.  So it all got put away in either the shed, the trash can, the end of the street, or the side yard.  After Hb's group, we went for a walk and ran into Mark W on Bethel and he was talking to Darrell who lives across from the street entrance to Bethel Place, Ildi's street.  He has a big Itasca camper.
Thursday 03
Worked outside in the morning, continued trimming the big plant next to the house on the west side.  It is finally coming into its own and getting to be the height of me.  The past couple of years I could not figure out the solution, now it is finally getting the haircut it deserves.  Also moved some mint compost to the front yard.  The old paint cans, old carpet from the roof of the garage, and other junk tools all got used up at the end of the street after several days.  Kirsten (and Mike) came out of her house to tell me lets throw that stuff away, and when we looked in front of her house on Ryan the stuff was magically all GONE.  We went for a short walk around the block and came home.  We had a nice lunch downtown at the old beanery.  The new restaurant is called Bodhi.  I had an omlet and Hb had a nice portobello mushroom sandwich.
Friday 04
We went out to Philomath after lunch and hung at Antonia Miano's new store location.  She shut down her old spot next to the dizzy hen just after the virus hit, and reopened her new store today.  Hb was the first customer and bought the first purchase which was a gold metal cat.  Afterwards, we went for a nice long walk over in the Mary's River park.  It was our first time there, and we had a very enjoyable afternoon sitting near the river and exploring the park.  Its a very sweet little park.  We stopped at the coop on the way home and picked up a few items.
Saturday 05
Farmer's market in the morning, followed by cooking.  Ken came over around 4pm and we headed over to Bellfountain Park for a nice walk around the park.  The party at Earth Rising was special.  We were the only ones there, besides Delbert's family and friends.  Lee's other friends from Monroe were there too.  It was a gorgeous evening and the temps were perfect.  When we arrived there we picked and ate some pears off the ground which were yummy.  It was a big banner year for pears.
Sunday 06
Finally completed processing all of the garlic.  It is tucked away and we are now ready for planting in the autumn.  In the evening we went for a walk around the block and then headed over to Pedro's.  It was our first time in his house since the pandemic hit back in March.  He is thinking about buying another house in the area.
Monday 07
Late in the day Hb and I went out for a walk and by the time we turned around at the river bench in the park the smoke was getting thick.  It just hit in about 15 minutes, went from mildly dusty to thick smoke.  The smoke is so thick outside right now you can hardly see to the end of the street, not good.
Tuesday 08
Woke up to ashes and soot everywhere.  It was ugly !  Left the house just after 8:30pm and headed over to the library where I returned my Kathryn Blair Angel book in English.  I have had the book for quite a while when it was delivered to me about 2 months ago.  I got into it, and then when it got kind of grisly in English I dropped it.  I think the plan will be to blast forward with the Spanish part and then come back in later, in another 6 months or so if I make more progress on it, and read further into the book.  For now, though, I think I have enough of the spanish section to keep me way busy.  Then I went to the dentist and sat in the parking lot till just before 9:30 reading John Steinbeck's version of King Arthur which we picked up off the street on the corner of Bethel and Alexander.  Its a great book, and of course Steinbeck has done a good job doing his part with the regular English.  Jenny finished up with me and the xrays by 10:30am and then I headed over to the bottle center for the first time.  Learned how it works, and you can take 50 crushed cans at a time, and as many cans as you want that are together.  Pretty smooth operation they have going there.  Consolidating the cans and bottles to one location made lots of sense, and now I know what to do.  Afterwards I went to TJ's for some mayo, which they don't have so I will go back in a few weeks.  At 4:30pm I had my first men's group with Jaffer, Miguel, y Jon.  It went well, my expectations were low, and it turned out nice.  Air quality is horrible, at one point I think I saw it over 500, it is now back to the low 200's.  This is some of the worst air I have seen in years, since my days of living in NM, this might be the worst I have ever seen it.
Wednesday 09
Horrible day of smoke.  The numbers were up into the 500's on the air quality index.  Luckily, by the evening it cooled off and the winds shifted slightly.  We went for a short walk over to Thompson, said hi to Steve and turned around.
Thursday 10
Smoke today was not nearly as bad as yesterday.  Tim Dehne showed up just as we were sitting down to lunch and he hung out with us for a few hours.  It was great to see him.  We had not seen him since we went out to visit him before the pandemic.  Afterwards we went for a short walk around the block with N95 masks on to help with the smoke.  I came home and watered for Steve who is out of town and then "spashed some water" on our garden as well.  We learned this evening that Talent and Phoenix Oregon have been wiped out from a wild fire yesterday.  Unbelievable, how this can happen so quickly...
Friday 11
Today was an interesting day.  The highlight of my day, as has been the highlight of several days since leaving my Dad in Florida last Christmas day 2019; was my conversation with him.  We have had some great talks; especially since Iris told me to start calling him on a regular basis.  With the pandemic and all in the past number of months; and his moving permanently to PP, we have had some great talks this one included.  Some of our talks recently have been about the upcoming election, and the audio books he has been listening to the past number of months.  Earlier in the day we went to an estate sale on Thompson.  It was smoky outside, but bearable.  Earlier I had a long talk on the phone with Peter.  He is thinking of buying another home in Corvallis and went out to look at a home in Philomath next to the mill, but it was not good.  I had an hour long talk with Iris today as well.  So Pedro, Iris, Dad along with Jan and Boyd stopping by to hang out a bit and discuss Patrick and Mindy's heat pump cooler still being on while they are in Halfway.  Boyd looked at my fence post and suggested a brace to hold the post in place.  On our walk this evening we picked up some yellow cherry tomatoes at Russell's garden thanks to Barbara Glover.  We also watched the Julia Roberts movie My Best Friend's wedding.  I learned this evening that Julia Roberts birthday is Oct 28, 1967.
Saturday 12
Farmer's Market was cancelled today for the third time in its history due to smoke from the surrounding fires.  It has been one heck of a week.  After breakfast we walked over to Mushroom and Linda's to drop off a skirt for Delana and we hung out with Mushroom for a bit.  Then we stopped by the estate sale further up on Thompson and I got a book by John Steinbeck.  Then we went shopping at TJs and Grocery Depot.  I had not been to the Depot for awhile.  We saw Michael going in the door and talked to him for awhile.  He had been up in Washington State around Puget Sound for the past week.  We came home and had a nice dinner; and I spoke to JohnG for awhile on the phone as he was heading back home from Montana, back home to Janet's house in Oregon.  The massive amount of smoke on the west coast blew him away as out there in Montana it was still pretty clean.
Sunday 13
In the morning I listened to my spanish podcast.  I am just starting to get into this.  More details will follow.  Anya came over here around noon and we drove out to Suzanne, Joe, and Michael's for Anya's 80th birthday party which is officially tomorrow.  Today is Ashley's birthday tambien, and Michael was 6 years old a few days back.  We played soccer with Michael, I walked down the driveway to the forest boundary which was closed because of fire, and I hiked up the hill to the Giant Sequoia which they planted a bunch of on the property.  They have a beautiful spot and most of the burn piles they previously had on the property has been burned off.  We had a lovely lunch on the deck, the temps were perfect and the smoke was minimal to none so we sat outside all afternoon.  We got home just in time for Sharon's zoom call at 6pm.  On the call was Liz, Kathabela, Sharon, Constance, and Mina Kirby at the end.  Also on at the beginning was Richie.  So it was cool to see everyone, and especially hang out with Kathabela and the group for the first time in 10 years.  Oh my gosh.  Its an amazing life, and Kathabela looks and seems the same.  We also got to see Rick too who looks great as well...  Life is a big ol trip to me.
Monday 14
After lunch we went over to VC to get some boxes for winter squash.  The smoke was real bad when we got there.  By evening somehow magically it cleared so we cleared out our squash patch and harvested everything into the boxes we got earlier in the day.  We went for a long walk at night all the way to the mill and back through the darkness of the lake at the apartments back to Bethel.  It was a nice evening and the first nice night in over a week.  Steve got back and I met his daughter Katura.
Tuesday 15
Back to smoke but not terrible.  At around 5:30pm we walked over to the Tuesday market and then walked with Renee around the park block across her land.  I came home and Hb kept going with Renee.  I came home because I didn't want to push the smoke.  Around 9am Phoenix came over and hung out at our house and had a cup of tea.  It was nice to see him and hang out in the house with him.
Wednesday 16
Smoky, big time, all day till about 5pm when Hb and I went for a big walk over to WL.  We talked to Dan for awhile who lives across the street from Maria in the pink house.  He bought his house back in 80, and he had an air quality meter who told us the air was good.  We then walked across the field straight from there towards the Kiger Island road and made a sharp left and hit the house at the end and onto the road.  We walked through the park and picked some ivy off the trees.  The afternoon was cloudy but no smoke and we were happy to be outside.  We came home and Hb wanted to buy us a gf pizza from American Dream Pizza so we rode downtown, went for a short walk, and picked up the pizza.  It was yummy in my tummy.  I would buy it again, Hb didn't like it so much.
Thursday 17
It was so smoky today after noon that we couldn't even go out for a walk in the evening; and then the rains came :)
Friday 18
We got buckets of rain today, and Doug said off the map, referring to how the fires were mostly put out.  We dodged a bullet.  At 5pm Hb and I headed out and did a big loop around the park.  We got stuck under a tree while it poured, and then we burst out and walked home and took a bath.  Thank god for the rain today !
Saturday 19
At 10am I spoke to Larry.  It was a good talk, and we got a lot done.  Afterwards we went to the Farmer's market and spoke to Bina.  Came home, had some lunch and started moving dirt outside.  I am moving the horse manure to the garlic beds prior to going away next week, and prior to getting a new load of dirt upon our return.  It is going well.  At the end of the day I had a nice talk with Mindy and Hb and I went for a walk around the block.  We saw the new moon in the western sky.  Lovely...
Sunday 20
Spoke to my Dad in the morning about my talk with Larry yesterday.  In the afternoon Hb and I went over to northtown near where a place Pedro was thinking about buying a house off Conifer.  We walked around that hood; its nice up there and we had fun.  We stopped by TJ's on the way home and picked up a few items.  Came home and moved some more dirt into the west driveway bed with the two big fennel trees this year.  They will be coming down in a few weeks, still not sure whether I will dig them out or not.
Monday 21
Steve got a new roof today and the roofers showed up around 7am.  In the mid afternoon, just as they were wrapping up I went outside and finished off the west driveway bed and started working on the fig tree bed.  Hb and I went for a walk in the evening and got some figs on Thompson and some free plums on the corner of Park and Crystal Lake.  The sunset was glorious.  At 1pm Hb and Dev went for a ride out to Maxwell to vist Terri.
Tuesday 22
Phoenix came by and we went for a big walk over to WL and around on the river walk.  In the evening we went over to the Tuesday market and had a ceremony for Equinox down on Renee's land.  Earlier at 4:30pm we had our 2nd men's group meeting.
Wednesday 23
Around 11am I went outside and moved more dirt.  I finished up the fig tree bed and moved west to the final bed which I completed.  There is still lots of compost left so we are in good shape.  Afterwards we walked over to Russell's, picked up some day lilies next to Mark's house, came back and grabbed Anthony who walked with us home.  He suggested we get Russell's wheel barrow and used that to take home the lilies.  Barbara was there and gave us another cabbage as well.  Upon return Anthony climbed up the tree above the roof.  He will be 8 years old in February.  We had fun.  We walked home on Crystal Lake and cut across Jen's field.  We made coleslaw and finished it off with apples we got the other day from the north side of town.  Took a shower and spoke to Dad in the evening.  Todo bien !
Thursday 24
Hb and I went out to lunch at our favorite new restaurant Bodhi Bakery.  Afterwards we went over to Winco to buy tortillas and we went for a short walk near Diana's house on Maple.  Then we drove over to Pedro's new hood and picked another bag of yummy apples from our same spot.  Came home and Dev had brought us cookies and gf bread.  Ildi came over for a haircut at 6pm and Hb and she went for a walk afterwards.  I did some yard work and relished in the early cool autumn evening as the sun set and the half moon came out in Paradise.  Earlier in the day I started working on getting some Machado poetry together for my men's group meeting.
Friday 25
Rainy and windy day.  About an  hour before dark Hb and I went on a walk over to WL; it stopped raining and we got to go out.  On our way back home, just as we rounded the corner at Mark Sherman's it started to rain.  This is the place it usually starts raining.  We got our full walk in !  Earlier in the day I had a talk with Dad for the first time on Google Video, the quality was flawless.  So one on one, google video is as good as zoom; and actually even easier to set up on demand.
Saturday 26
Farmer's market in the morning.  Hung out with Will Werner in the afternoon in the garage.  It rained when we got home from the Farmer's Market but then cleared and it was a very nice afternoon and evening.  We went for a nice walk and got home at dusk and spoke to Patrick and Mindy in front of their house.
Sunday 27
Super fantastic gorgeous early autumn day in Brownsville.  Started out the day finishing up part I of the Machado Project for my new men's group.  We left for Brownsville, Hb stopped at the COOP, and I saw Rion Pollack in the coop parking lot.  The new bike trail has just been completed going by the coop.  We bought some gas on I5 and then landed in Brownsville.  Along the way of course we stopped to take some pictures of sheep and give them a big hug.  The weather was perfect all day, not a cloud in the sky and in the low 70's.  We headed over to Pioneer Park and had a sandwich which Hb picked up at the coop.  Then walked into town and all the way through town and up to the top of the hill where it leveled out.  We then came back down the hill and walked all the way out to Sharon's Country Farm and Garden at the end of Kirk Ave.  She has a nice place.  We walked back into town and then drove back out there and bought the corn, peppers, zucchini and Hb bought a bunch of figurines for the back yard.  We got like 5 of them including Hb and me kissing and a nice elephant.  We then drove out the northern road to where it bangs into the highway and crosses the river.  We drove back home and headed N on 99E to Tangent Road.  After a nice dinner of corn and yummy food we went for a walk at dusk and picked out a few nice figs.  I came back home and organized the apples.  Getting rid of the summer apples in the fridge and restocking with the keeper apples for the autumn meals.  We love autumn in Oregon !  At the end of this week I will hopefully harvest my blue hubbards from Rusell's garden.
Monday 28
A gorgeous warm sunny autumn day almost 80.  We walked over to the park in the afternoon and layed down in the grass and watched them play frisbee.  earlier we trimmed all of the ivy and blackberries off the big mama doug fir just as you enter the park.  in the evening we sat outside and watched the sun set.  as we were heading in we spoke to elizabeth's housemate austin who has lived there now for 2 1/2 years, I said to him really 2 1/2 years, life is flying by.  Today was Luke's 39th bday.
Tuesday 29
Call with Nick Holland, Larry, Iris, Dad at noon.  Tuesday market at Phoenix's.  We hung out, ate some egg pesto, and then walked down to Renee's to hear Dhara sing kirtan with her guitar.  Lovely evening.  I went for a walk in the park with the near full moon in full gear.  Dhara mentioned how the imagination combined with the knowing and belief of the spirit is more powerful.  Using the imagination as a prompt for a better and deeper understanding rings true to my soul.
Wednesday 30
Phoenix came over in mid afternoon and we went over to the park to pick elderberries.  Then Ken came over to the park and we went for a walk.  He came back to the house and we watched the first presidential debate, quite the disaster :)


October 2020


Thursday 01
Up early and went outside because Jim from Tackbox would be here around 9am.  So I finished up cleaning up the remaining tomato plants and the winter squash that was still struggling / straggling along in the garden.  I also knocked down and chopped down with my shovel all of the sunchokes.  So Jim is now able to come in and dump his dirt.  This year for $200 I got a mixture of 4 yards of fertile soil mix and 4 yards of horse compost.  He mixed it as he put it on the truck.  This is GOOD dirt !  So we are happy and dirted out till next year.  I will probably get some mint compost in the spring from Larry as well.  Stay tuned on the dirt scene.  Sharon is driving back home to Ca after a quick journey to Pecos, NM for a presentation and staying at Sharon Riszk's house.  She did a hike in the Pecos wilderness.  At 5:30pm we went for a long walk in WL to the end of the path and looked out over the valley like we always do.  There was a haze of smoke emanating from the Ca. fires.  Afterwards we went by Renee's at 7pm for the full moon fire circle, the corn moon.  It was a deep ceremony and I connected immediately as we came across the field and the mist from the evening cool air on the land enveloped us in a dream state of cognition, spirit and knowing.  From then till the end of the evening and in my prayers to the west I was part of the earth and where I came from.  Dev, Renee, Crystal, Kathy, Will, Amy, Dhara, Anna, Naj, Hb, and I united together in prayer.
Friday 02
Stopped by Renee's to pick up my water bottle that Hb left there yesterday.  I noticed it last night while we were at the ceremony but didn't realize it was mine till this morning when I saw it wasn't in the car.  Hb accidentally left it there.  We went up to Albany and stopped by Walmart first where I got some sweat pants and a pair of shorts.  The on to Nichols Nursery for some Daikon Radish Soil Buster cover crop.  Then lunch at Rigoberto's.  It was our third time there.  Then we went downtown and walked around the park and the merry go round.  We hung out there for awhile and then got home around 5pm.  We had a nice day.  It was a splendid warm autumn day.  In the evening we met Jason's house mate Ben from Chile who was flying his drone 500 meters in the air.  Very cool.  We went for a walk around the block and got home at dark at 8pm.  The light is fading fast this time of year.
Saturday 03
In the morning I did laundry and washed my sheets.  Farmer's Market followed by first move of some dirt from the new pile over to the driveway garden bed.  Bina told us today at the market that she was planting garlic Monday and Tuesday, so I will get ready to plant some as well pretty soon.  It was a gorgeous warm day. Hb went out in the afternoon to Philomath and Antonia's place.  I had a long talk with Steve about life after helping him move his couch.  Also had a nice long talk with Patrick about not buying the house on Crystal Lake with the Llamas.  Spoke to Mindy as well.  At dusk Hb and I walked over to the water company and saw Ken V along the way.  We got home at 7:45pm and it was totally dark outside.
Sunday 04
Up at 6am and was at Russell's at 7am.  Harvested everything including all of the blue hubbards and the remaining cucumbers.  Cleaned out some milk thistle and hauled all of the winter squash vines back to the side yard in round 1.  Then all of the winter squash and cucumbers in round 2.  Will came over at 11am and we hung out till 12:30.  Then Hb and I did a shopping circuit trip.  Came home and it got sunny, and I worked outside for the rest of the day.  I harvested Jan's elephant garlic and put it right back in the ground.  Next year I won't worry about the seeds and I will harvest the garlic earlier.
Monday 05
First round of planting garlic.  Hb and I broke up the heads into cloves and then I planted the first batch.  Walk at around 5:30pm and then headed over to Renee's for Johngi's birthday camp fire.  Leaf was there and we bought an LED light from him.  Hb had a nice chat with Susan so that is in better shape.  Rich Reuter was there from old Oldfellows fame and he sang with Johng, Amy, and Will.  It is getting cold at night but with the fire we were in good shape.  We got home around 9:30pm.
Tuesday 06
Johng came over just as I was starting into my planting garlic foray.  I finished off the west driveway bed, 48 heads of garlic planted in there, which comes out to about 8 - 9 cloves per head minus the tiny ones; got to add that in there too.  I forgot on the other calculation.  Men's group at 4:30pm, I was up with Machado.  We have a good group.  Then went over to the Tuesday market and picked up bread along the way.  We hung out at Phoenix's for awhile, and then I went over and spoke to Leaf about the flashlight he gave me last night, along with speaking to Paul and Sheri Ame.  It was a beautiful evening in OR
Wednesday 07
I worked at Russell's in the early afternoon.  More soil prep for the winter cover crop.  Spoke to Russell about bottling the wine, and how its done.  Nice talk with Dad, he decided to vote for Biden after all.  Hb and I went for a walk around the block.  It was chilly, but comfortable on our walk.  We picked up some apples on the way home.
Thursday 08
Phoenix came by and we went for a walk around the block early in the morning.  I went over to Russell's about 1pm and got ready to plant my covercrop tomorrow of daikon radish and garlic seeds from the scapes that went to see this summer.  In the evening around 5:30pm Hb and I did a nice walk over to WL.  It was gorgeous out, and one of the last warm evenings prior to a weather change this weekend.
Friday 09
Conclude phase 1 work at Russell's by getting the garlic and radish in the ground prior to tomorrow's rain.  It was my 3rd day of soil prep this week.  See covercrop file in this folder for more details on the rows planted and location.  Barbara was there too, so I spoke to her for awhile.  Cynthia stopped by in her car to say hi.  Spoke to Dad, had dinner and walked over to Lilly.  We had not done that in awhile.  It was cooling off as a big rainstorm is coming in late tonight.  This was the whole motivation for all of the work this week; planting the garlic, doing the soil prep at Russell's and planting the cover crop today.  I love the farming life and lifestyle.
Saturday 10
see the "encounter" for more details in pt.  our usual circuit.  stopped by the coop for syrup with spanish verb book in hand, followed by gas at I5, followed by walmart for flash lights and another 2 pair of sweat pants, costco for another winter jacket, then lunch at rigobertos.  I love that place, hb not so much.  we found our parking spot on walnut near 5th and started walking along the river walk next to the old mill that was for sale and we got all the way to the end of the walk just past the opening to the beginning of the walk and we met him.  we don't know his name, but see the encounter for more details.  we walked all the way back downtown with him and luckily hb had more a where with all on how to proceed, not sure if it was the way, but it was our way.  got home and went out for another walk and ran into Phoenix and we walked some more till almost 7pm at dusk / dark.  it was another big day of not understanding.
Sunday 11
Today was the first all day crappy rainy windy day of the autumn.  Hb and I held off all day on going out until late in the day when we went out on a short walk up to Alexander and back.  Winter is here, oh no...  I ordered some stuff on line today.  Another winter jacket in a small size from Costco and 2 pair of shorts from the GAP.
Monday 12
Awesome day on the trail at Cardwell Hill.  It was blue sky with some clouds but mostly gorgeous.  We walked almost to the end where the signs are and Hb sat down and ate her sandwich and salad.  Then we walked to the signs and turned around and came back.  We saw a lady on a bike who asked for directions.  She was in amazing shape and cooked up the hill way ahead of us.  Glorious autumn day ! Stopped by TJ's for turkey then came home and had a yummy meal.  After dinner we went for a walk, talked to Patrick and Juniper for awhile in their car on Ryan and then swung around and picked up some apples.  Came home and did a apple resort.  I love apple season :)  Early in the morning I made reservations for our time over Thanksgiving at Jeff and Licia's house.  We are staying at the Camas hotel. 
Tuesday 13
Mellow day at home with rain.  Late in the day I went outside and moved some more soil into the garden bed outside my window.  I will plant another round of garlic in there soon, and top out my garlic planting later on in the fig tree bed.  Walked to the river, hung out for awhile and then hit the Tuesday market.  It was the time of year where it starts to get dark early and by the end of the market it was dark outside.
Wednesday 14
Rain early in the day.  Moved some dirt from the pile over to the two other garlic beds that have not been planted out yet including my bedroom bed and the fig tree bed.  Also, cleaned out the gutter on the high roof section.  Had a nice long talk with Bob in the garage about slight course correction can make a big difference long term.  Bob grew up in Cavour, SD on a 640 acre, 1 mile by 1 mile farm, otherwise known as a section.  After driving back and forth for one mile on a tractor as a young man he realized that was "not" his calling.  Had a nice talk with Dad and Hb and I went out for a walk to the water company and did 2 loops.  We came home, ate some food and then went back out for a short loop and picked up some apples.  On the way back from our walk I actually saw Miller Williams for the first time in my life.   He has been back home in Corvallis for months but I actually never saw him till now.  I walked by him and never said a word.
Thursday 15
Great day in Toledo.  Arrived there and walked around town.  Then we had a nice lunch at the Timbers Restaurant and Lounge.  The side of fries was gigantic and I had a hamburger patty and a bowl of chili and Hb had a burger.  The food was very good.  We sat in a back room with the fire engine guys.  Afterwards we went down to the dock and spoke to Joe, the harbor manager for at least one hour.  We started off the talk with his America's Cup Tshirt and took it from there.  He was writing a book on an old Coast Guard Leader.  The boats in Toledo are free to take out.  We then drove on the back road to Elk City and from there to Harlan.  It is 20 miles from Elk City to Harlan and the road is not paved on that section.  It was a beautiful gorgeous afternoon.  Could not have picked a better day to do the drive.
Friday 16
Great walk in the mid afternoon over to WL.  It was a picture perfect autumn day and Hb and I were in the moment of beauty.  I learned "anda con dios" yesterday in the car driving out to Toledo, and now it is part of me along with "The universe will continue to teach me and guide me my whole life".  To more mantras in our life.  Around noon I planted a round of garlic in the fig tree bed.  So we have one more bed to go for the garlic planting.  Spoke to Dad at the usual time around 5pm my time.
Saturday 17
Farmer's market, Bina gave me my birthday candle as she is leaving for Germany on Tuesday.  Came home and had a nice lunch and finished planting the remaining garlic in the bedroom far west bed.  Did mostly cloves and some seed.  We will see what happens.  Looks like the radish seed I planted is already starting to grow at Russell's garden.  It was a gorgeous day.  I spoke to Anna and she hopes the virus is finished for her birthday on Dec 28, she will be 5 years old.
Sunday 18
Worked up at Russell's on more garden prep.  Barbara was there planting her peas for cover crop.  Sawyer was there too cutting the grass.  That turned out to be very coincidental; that a few days back Russell had told me the whole story about how he found Sawyer; and I show up and there he was.  And funny I saw him a few days ago with his Mom Lisa.  Afterwards, Boyd stopped by and we had round 2 of our conversation continued from the other day.  Then Hb and I went for a walk around the block.  It was a still evening, not cold, not hot but just cloudy and nice.
Monday 19
Big day.  Started out with a google meeting with Iris and Dad.  Dad wanted to talk a bit about Mom and just share some thoughts.  It took Iris a bit of time to get Firefox downloaded and up and running, but we got it to work.  Hb had Kathleen Stursa over to hang out. It was her first time to our house, wow ! Glad she finally made it over here.  Afterwards I went to buy gas for the mower, went to TJ's and came home and mowed everywhere.  It needed it.  Prior to that the north field was mowed, the one with the dead deer in it and the guy who did the work was bummed out that I threw all of those branches in there.  So I pulled them all out while he was there and made a big pile.  I sorted through all of that stuff and resorted and organized all of that junk wood.  Big project.  Then I went and picked up my first load of leaves at the end of Bell on that tree that drops leaves early.  Had a nice talk with Ken who had turned me on to Elk City.  Ken lives on Bell and he is a good guy.  He told me about the 1000 road and the connections to it.  Lots more exploring to do in the Coastal Road system.
Tuesday 20
Hb went to lunch with Antonia.  Earlier Phoenix came over and we hung out for a bit.  Then I did branch destruction all afternoon, cutting up all of the branches that were in the field, that I moved into a big pile yesterday, that I moved into the yard, that I cut up.  Afterwards Miguel led our men's group.  Then we went to the Tuesday market and hung out with everyone at Naj's.  Then over to the market.  Then an Odd Fellows meeting where I downloaded the old website content.
Wednesday 21
More work on the gutters in the afternoon.  I am now done with the back yard.  Last week I did the high gutter and today I did the rest of the back yard.  I also had a very nice talk with Eli and gave him my wrap on why he didn't miss out by not getting the job at Sandia.  Got the branches pretty much put to bed.  Thanks to Nathan the other day for prodding me to clean it all up as he came and did the field and threw all of my branches back on our side.  It looks much better now !  Doing some work for Oddfellows today on their website and talking about registering their domain name with Google.
Thursday 22
Coldest morning of the autumn so far.  It was cold when we woke up for the first time.  But it turned out to be a gorgeous, bright, abundant sunshine day.  So I finished up the gutters in the front, finished up the branches project from the field and got everything into the yard waste bin.  My shorts arrived today, so I got 8 pairs of shorts in the past 2 days.  Two pair from the Gap and six pair from JC Penney.  I got a great deal on all of the short and combined with all of the sweat pants I bought at Walmart a few weeks ago, I am all set for many years on at least these two items.  Reminds me of the time I bought like 10 hats from that hat place in Silver City.  I still got lots of hats left, and ready to go.  We went for a walk over to the water company at sunset and ran into Tim Dehne and Phoenix on the street.  Its a good life !
Friday 23
As winter approaches Hb and I will be changing the time of our daily walks.  So today we went out before 1pm and walked over to Tunison Park and then over the railroad tracks.  We ran into 2 little spanish speaking boys and they were really cool; we had a nice talk with them.  Swung back home and ran into Tegan and Shalawn and I told them about Green Gable for a pumpkin patch.  Dug a hole in the back yard for a plant Jan gave us yesterday and then made some food and had a nice meal.  After lunch I did more work outside including starting to take down the sunchokes.  Also gave a big batch of sun chokes to Brynn.  She had requested them last year but it never happened; and since she gave us such a nice blue hubbard squash in the spring which turned into a great number of squashes I wanted to be ahead of the curve this year with the sun chokes.  Afterwards I did a little bit more work outside and called it an evening.  I love this time of year !
Saturday 24
Worked on the website for Oddfellows until we went to the Farmer's Market.  It was a glorious autumn day, classic.  Not sunny, but bits of sun and clouds and chilly.  Normally this would be the final weekend of the Philomath Studio Tour or week one, but this year no dice.  The Farmer's market was nice.  Hb got her burrito, and I bought some corn from Green Gables Farm.  We came home, I made some lunch then Amy came over and hung out in the garage with us for awhile and Ken came over too.  Afterwards Ken and I went for a walk around the park, then I came home and did another shorter walk with Hb.  Towards dusk, the clouds broke, and there was clouds, blue sky, and sun and the temps were dropping fast.  Autumn is here, next Saturday evening is Halloween and a full blue moon.
Sunday 25
Hb and I went over to the university to walk around.  We parked in the back of the stadium and did a loop, stopping by the MU to find out it was closed.  It was a cold, windy, very sunny day and at the end of the walk we stopped by Dutch Bros. and sat on the floor in the back and Hb drank her coffee.  On the way home we stopped off at the COOP for some minor items.  We had a nice dinner of sprouts and left over chicken from the other night with broccoli.
Monday 26
Went over to Russell's before 2pm, did more work, hauled some compost stuff back here, then did a bunch of leaves across the street from Paul and Joan's big maple tree.  Hb went for a walk with Dev.  We decided this morning NOT to go to Licia's in Washougal and we cancelled our reservation at the Camas Hotel.
Tuesday 27
The final Tuesday market was a winner.  It was the longest time I spent at the Tuesday market all summer due to the requirement to wear a mask which it took me all summer to get used to.  We had a fire and drumming and the evening went to night in a joyful way.  We had fun.  Earlier in the day I did some work at Russell's and Juniper helped me get leaves at the end of Bell.  She found a lucky nickel and made a wish.  It was another glorious sunny, cool autumn day.  It doesn't get any better.
Wednesday 28
Peter picked me up at 10am and we went over to his new rental house in northtown and installed a drip irrigation system.  It was another fabulous day, day 3, and we hung outside and did the drip system.  I went for a walk to the end of the street tambien.  Afterwards we had a nice lunch downtown.  We bought food at Laughing Planet and went over to the river front park and ate our lunch.  It was warm and sunny.  Came home and talked to Hb for awhile in the garage and sat in the sun.  Then went and did a few rounds of leaves.  I got the walnut tree leaves at Kurt's house like I do each year.  Came home, spoke to Dad, and then we went for a walk around the block.  Along the way we saw Anthony and his Mom Maria and his younger brother Sebastian.  Anthony and Izzy our both in 2nd grade together at Lincoln School.  Patrick and family are heading out to Halfway for Thanksgiving.
Thursday 29
First day of the week where it was cloudy all day; it actually rained in the morning so we dodged a bullet and got really lucky yesterday with Pedro working outside, wow ! lucky...  late in the day I went outside and filled up the yard waste bin with all of the sunchokes.  It is an annual event and this afternoon was the day.  It wasn't that much fun, but I got the job done.  Anna and Jay showed up at the end and said hi and saw what I was doing.  Hb and I went for a walk at dusk turning to dark.  Its cold outside now, really cold and damp and biting and my hands were cold.  Winter is here, oh no....
Friday 30
Spoke to Larry at 10am.  In the afternoon Hb went over to Renee's for a Tibetan ceremony.  I took her over there with her chair, and came back home.  Phoenix stopped by and we hung out at the house.  At 4pm I went back over to pick her up.  Afterwards we ate some food and then I went outside and raked pine needles in the side yard.  Then we went for a big walk at night over to WL.  The moon was full, bright and blue.  Halloween is upon us.
Saturday 31
Started out with another glorious sunny day.  Farmer's market followed by a grocery circuit.  Came home and chilled out for the afternoon, followed by walking over to Renee's at 5:30pm.  We had a bday party for Dev, a potluck a blue moon full moon Halloween camp fire with Rich Reuter leading the circle.  It was a wonderful evening of singing, laughter, and love and friendship.  The night turned cold, under 40 degrees but the fire was toasty warm.  Leaf just got the nod to join Odd Fellows and he was the fire tender this evening.  He did a great job.  Michael was there, Gloria brought her new housemate Omer, and a good time was had by all.  We got home around 11pm.


November 2020


Sunday 01
Switched all of the clocks as Daylight Savings Time is history till March 14, 2021.  We went for a nice walk in the afternoon over to the country club hood.  We walked past Pedro's mom's house and up the hill.  It was a gorgeous sunny day.  I finished up the Odd Fellows web site for Bonnie.  It is up and running, the domain is transferred over and we are happy.
Monday 02
Hb went back over to the country club to go for a walk with Dev.  I got lots of leaves.  Paul and Joan left their second big load.  I got the first one about a week ago.  Then on down the street in front of Shalawn, Keegen, and Teegan's house was the first big dump of leaves.  So I am pretty leafed out.  The whole east side yard is covered prior to rain coming on this week which should pat stuff down for possibly a second round.  Hb and I went for a walk at dusk and it was the final gorgeous sunny autumn day.  Not bad for the second day in November.
Tuesday 03
Up at around 5:30am, and was in Salem by 9am.  We stopped by the rest stop for the first time headed north, just north of the santiam river.  Hb went in to see the dermatologist and I rode out 213 towards Silverton a few miles and checked out the farms just east of Lancaster, beautiful.  Hb came out really quick and we left Salem around 10:15am and was home by 11am.  Wow !, quick...  Planted some daikon radish seeds and then had my men's group.  We discussed the presidential election today, it was a good meeting.  Phoenix came over and Hb gave him a massage while I was in my meeting.  We walked Phoenix home, and sat by the drum circle for a bit with Ildi and Amy and Naj.  Then we walked into the cemetery and back around home.
Wednesday 04
"It's going to be a nail biter" is the saying of the day post election as the next president is still undecided, trump vs biden.  Stay tuned.  Hb cleaned the house today, I cleaned my room and then we went out for a walk in the park.  I had a nice talk with Dad in the evening.  Also, had a nice long talk with John Zeuli in the morning.  He called me to check in.
Thursday 05
Up early and later in the morning went over to Russell's to plant some more cover crop.  Also raked up some leaves from around the garden and brought them back.  Hb went to see Antonia in Philomath.  We had a nice lunch of salmon from TJ's and greens.  It started raining towards the end of my stay at Russell's and we talked into the rain for awhile.
Friday 06
Out to Kiger Island for a walk and soon after rounding the loop we saw a big storm cloud moving our way.  We walked back to the car and just as we arrived it started to rain.  We drove down to Findley and hung out in the car and did a meditation while it rained.  We then went to Bodhi for lunch.  As our lunch drew to a close we saw Cody the owner and he came over and started talking to us.  We had one heck of a conversation with him.  It was really quite interesting and amazing.  So that was the highlight of our day.  In the evening I had a nice talk with Pedro then at 7pm we did a Zoom call by a woman named Lori Tobias who lives on the Oregon Coast and told us her story about her life.  See ui quote on this day.
Saturday 07
Big news, Joe Biden is our next president after a long week of waiting.  Farmer's market followed by the grocery route.  On our way home we stopped off on the corner of Crystal Lake and Alexander to celebrate Joe's victory with Ildi, Amy, Dev, Sharri Ame, and Diane along with honkers along the way.  We went for a walk at dusk, it was cold, partly sunny and big time autumn.  Had a great talk with Dad upon return.  Then Sharon did another talk on her Wyoming adventure.
Sunday 08
Our first time to Falls City in our life.  We had a nice lunch on the benches in front of the library.  It was cold.  We walked down to the field below and met a woman and her dog.  She told us to head up past the falls on the right side of the river.  We drove up there and continued to the road ends, parked and walked back into the Forest left of the Weyerhouser property.  We walked about 2 miles.  It was a gorgeous sunny day all day.  It was in the low 40's, it now officially winter in OR, it is COLD.  We had a great day, stopped and got gas on the way home for $2.13 per gallon.  Gas prices have remained historically low around these levels since the pandemic started back on Hb's birthday of this year.  It is going to be 25 degrees tonight.
Monday 09
Walk with Bob over to Crystal Lake and Alexander and ran into Mark W, and so we hung out in front of his house for awhile.  Then back to Russell's and gathered up some leaves.  He, Sawyer, and Anthony were putting in a new driveway for Russell's new baby blue Fiat.  Picked up some leaves just before dark on Marion.
Tuesday 10
More leaves on Bell.  Hung out with Phoenix and Naj at Kathy Miller's house and met Miller Williams for the first time.  Naj introduced me to him.  Talked to Ken about the leaves and got some good ones.  It had been raining all morning and stopped just in time around 2pm to make the rest of the afternoon very pleasant.  Hb got home from hanging out with Dev and going out to Kiger Island and then we went back over to Bell and got one more load of leaves.  I put leaves next to Jen's gate and down at the other end of the side yard near Paul and Joan's house.  Finished dealing with my estimated taxes for the 2020 tax year.  So I am good to go until late March when I file with my Turbotax.  At least I have paid the main chunk of the bill now.  So I paid my two property taxes and personal income tax all in the past couple of weeks.
Wednesday 11
Gorgeous sunny day !  In the afternoon I did leaves for awhile, then Bob and Peggy stopped over to hang out for a bit.  Bob and I walked over to Bell St. and I introduced him to Ken as I had a note for him about Alec Amacher as I gave him a tree rec guy.  We picked up a load of leaves and then Ken gave Bob and I a nice little baggie of smoke salmon.  We went back to the house and had a nice snack of cheese and salmon.  Then they left and Hb and I went to Del Alma for my early birthday dinner.  It was a perfect night, and we had not been there since the end of 2018.  I do not believe we went there in 2019, and certainly not in 2020 since the pandemic started back in March.
Thursday 12
Hb went to Marie's for a massage and I hung out and did leaves.  I loaded up two yard waste bins for Gwendolyn tambien and dumped them in her garden area.  She came out when she got home from work and wanted me to save her some leaves and then I offered to dump them on her garden.  Earlier I drove over to Les Schwab to get the tires rotated, and walked home and continued on my leaf track.  Then around 3:30pm walked back over there to pick up the car.  It is pretty nice they rotate the tires for free.  Hb made the executive decision not to keep Mushroom's plant so Jan kindly took back the plant and put it in her garage.  The plant saga is now over.  The universe guided her in that direction today when she stopped by Bi-Mart to get a plate for underneath the plant and they were out of them.  I talked to Dad briefly around noon, and he learned that the eye doctor told him that his driving days are pretty much over.  He went down one more line on the chart and that was enough to push him over the top for driving.  Probably a good thing in the long run.  Now he needs to find someone who will be willing to drive him around.
Friday 13
Johng came over in the early afternoon to get set up for next week when he does his men's group.  He wants access to our internet for that...  We ate some dinner and hb and I went for a nice walk over to WL.  It was a gorgeous, very cold, but clear evening after a day of rain.  Lovely !
Saturday 14
The Farmer's Market was quiet today, but we got some good stuff.  And the best news is that the rains held off until just when the market was over, which was lucky.  We spoke to James Rodell at the market along with Kathy Loreson and her husband Rob.  Afterwards we went to the Market of Choice so Hb could get her pie and then on to TJ's and the Coop.  It rained all afternoon and we spoke to Munchies and Jason on the Facebook app where you get to see people.  We didn't go back outside after getting home as it rained late into the night.  One of our first big winter storms of the season and they got a ton of snow out east.
Sunday 15
Around 1pm we drove over to Evergreen, parked in our usual spot and for the first time walked up Walden Ln.  It is beautiful back there, the weather was mild and cloudy.  Afterwards we came home and I raked the leaves into the fig tree, and did some more leaves.  We had winter squash for the first time this evening.  Our first time of the year.  We stopped by Green Gables and picked up some final remaining winter squash.  No one is there this time of year on Sunday, and we did our self serve.
Monday 16
Leaves, leaves, and more leaves.  Started after lunch and worked till just before 5pm.  I completely mopped up all of Marion this side of Ryan.  All the leaves today went on the north side yard garden and dirt pile number 2 next to Joan and Paul's house.  It was a warm, cloudy afternoon around 60 degrees.  I love being outside and love collecting leaves.  Had a great talk with Dad.  It was one of our good ones and we had fun.
Tuesday 17
Big time rain in the morning with wind.  I spoke to Dad about getting the online version of the WSJ set up and running.  Hb went to lunch with Marie Towey at Bodhi Cafe.  We scraped the fat off the beans early this morning.  Hb bought a hamhock the other day at Market of Choice and we cooked the beans yesterday.  This morning we scraped off the fat, and this afternoon I threw it outside in the side garden.  We had a great walk.  On the way we ran into Phoenix and Naj in front of their house, and then Cheryl and her sister who was visiting from Ca.  We went down to the lower land and the sun beamed.  By the time we got to the park and over to WL and just up at the top of the hill near the houses it started to pour.  We saw the dark clouds on the horizon and I knew there was rain coming our way.  We walked home in a nice rain storm of sorts and saw others including Sarah who we visited on the southtown art tour run by us.  She was happy to be running in the rain, and Hb was very happy to be walking in the rain.  We got home and threw our clothes in the washing machine.  The men's group went well.  Jaffer and I were initially on the call and Jonathan showed up around 5pm, and Miguel was off closing on a house or something.  I did another Zoom call at 7pm for the OddFellows meeting.
Wednesday 18
Really nice talk with David Mayfield, spoke to the Mill City Canyon Gleaner treasurer and got a thumbs up to move forward with the $500 check.  Hb and I had a nice walk in the afternoon from VC.  It was sunny initially, and then the weather got stormy but no rain.  We swung by TJ's afterwards and picked up our Thanksgiving turkey, dressing, cranberries et al.  So we are in pretty good shape for Turkey day here in Corvallis.  In the evening I did a Zoom call about Chinatown through OSU.
Thursday 19
Started out the day at Winco and the coop to get more stuff for Thanksgiving.  Came home, had some lunch and Ken and I went for a walk around the park.  On the way home we ran into Miller in front of Kathy's but he declined to say hi to us.  Johng came over at 5:30pm for his men's group meeting on Zoom in the garage.  Steve showed up to ask if we could help him push his car out of the garage as his battery had died.  It was a gorgeous day, sunny and cold, but nice for this time of year.
Friday 20
Got up early and was out of the house before 10am.  We drove out Decker road, over Mary's Peak and found Fall Creek Rd for the first time.  We parked in the first parking lot on the right and walked about a mile to the Oregon Research Fish Hatchery.  It was a cold sunny day for my 60th birthday celebration.  We had fun sitting at the pond, sitting at the research facility on the creek, and just appreciating being alive.  Hb and I sang "happy birthday" on the way home.  It was as good as it gets for a birthday, we could have been anywhere on Planet Earth, and there is no where I would have rather been than where we were at today.  We came home and had a nice dinner of tamales, sausages, and hb's favorite avocados.  
Saturday 21
What am I doing today ?  "Basking in the glory of being alive"  Its funny how for months I thought about what I wanted to do on my birthday, and thought about all of the different places we could have gone and in the end, yesterday and today could not have been better days.  We went to the Farmer's market on a cold, cloudy day, even though the sun was predicted to come out it never did, but that didn't matter.  After the market we went to get pie at Market of Choice and stopped by Grocery Depot too.  I got birthday greetings from Iris, Dad, Sharon, Bruce Berk, Pedro and Dev who made Hb and I a gingerbread cake and gluten free bread.  It doesn't get any better than that.  At around 4pm we went for a walk around the block and had a nice talk with Amy at Coho.  A good 60th bday was had by all.  My 40th was with David Padwa in Abq as we went out to dinner, and my 50th was at someone's house who was a family member of a person staying at Valeria and Jorge's home and this one was with Hb.  It was my first big bday with Hb as when I was 40 I did not know her, and at 50 I was living in Buenos Aires.  I might see you at 70, where will that one be at ? Continuing on this thread of who I heard from.  Elizabeth, Susie Sigman, Lionel and Maria.
Sunday 22
Weather turned out to be no rain even though initial forecast showed rain.  Hb and I went for a big walk in the park, and doubled back up to the Tuesday market.  Came home and Hb put on the vent covers and I trimmed a tiny bit of wood off the shed so the door would open and close easier.  Its cold and its winter !
But we are close to the nadir on sunset time around 4:33pm.
Monday 23
Great day !  When I am outside the day is great !  Hb and I headed over to Russll's after lunch.  I picked up about 6 huge yard waste bins of leaves from the end of Mason.  Wow, I am now totally topped off at Russell's.  Afterwards I went up and started cleaning up the sunchoke bed starting on the east side and replanting on the side yard next to barrier at the end of the property.  Now that the leaves are down there, we have a nice barrier defined and can put in some chokes as a buffer (maybe).  Hb did 2 weeks talk, one with Renee, Kathy Miller and then another walk with Angelica.
Tuesday 24
Second time ever at the Snag Boat Bend Unit of the Findley Natl Wildlife Refuge.  Snag boat bend is 372 acres.  It is different going there in the winter than the summer.  We like this spot, but it was a bit breezy and cold and we had low energy to walk around.  But it was a good trip.  We got there around 1pm and was back home by 3:30pm.  On the way home we stopped off at the market to pick up some winter squash and some beets.  At 5pm I went and picked up my bread from Kerstin.  Hb had started a bath prior to me leaving so I came home and I took my winter bath.  Of course at dark this time of year.  I knew it was supposed to rain and so I wanted to get the bread under the wire.  And as I got out of the bath tub I could hear the rain pounding down.
Wednesday 25
Started off the day with a nice talk with Iris, we talked for almost 90 minutes.  In the afternoon Hb and I did a nice walk over to WL and did our standard route back home along the river.  We ran into Naj and then Renee.  Renee was going up to Will's for Turkey Day with Kathy, Leslie, Anna, Ildi and Crystal.  Naj was going up to a park south of Portland to have a picnic with Mayan.  Got home and did another big pile of leaves on Marion.  Got home just at dark.  Hb had our bath ready and got out and had an email from Rand and Tessie.  So I talked to them for about 90 minutes.  So I am getting some good talking in during this time of year.  I am also listening to Spanish every evening on rtve.es.
Thursday 26
Gorgeous sunny, cold Thanksgiving Day !  Our turkey was perfect that we got from TJ's.  And it was cooked the exact right amount of time.  A 15lb bird right around 4hours.  In at 10am out at 2pm.  We had some standard faire, hb mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes, some greens, stuffing, yummy.  I ordered Dad a new Imac 27 inch from Costco in the early evening then Hb and I went out for a nice walk.
Friday 27
Long talk with Suzanne in the evening about Michele taking her over to interview an assisted living place this coming Monday.  Dealt with processing the big turkey from yesterday.  Steve came over and gave us some nice turkey and other assorted items.  Went for a walk around the block and saw Linda, not Mushroom outside of her house dealing with trash.  Today was cold, gray, and misty all day, but no rain.
Saturday 28
Now today was a nice day from the get go.  It was cold but mostly clear and as the day shined on it got better and better.  Did laundry in the morning, had a nice lunch; and then drove over to Findley to see thousands of birds.  Afterwards we went for a big walk on a Christmas tree farm just to the north of Bruce road and on the southwestern edge of Findley.  It was cold when we got home, but a good day was had by all.
Sunday 29
Great talk with Dad in the evening about life and family.  We are making huge progress.  We are at the same point I was with mother 30 years ago, amazing.  Hb and I went out to CV High School and walked up to the forest boundary.  Did our food circuit shopping as well.  Day was cold and mostly dreary, unlike yesterday which was a fabulous winter day in OR.
Monday 30
Hb took Anyaa to look at the Regent which is an independent living facility near the hospital.  It was too expensive for Anyaa; around 2k per month but very nice according to Hb.  I took my car out for a drive on Airport Rd; came home and went over to Russell's.  Naj, Phoenix, and Anna stopped by, then I had a long talk with Mark W, then Hb came by and we saw Mark leaving with Joey on his walk so we did the whole park loop with him.  Along the way we had a nice talk with Yon who's dairy in Scio was adjacent to the Roaring River Park we have frequented numerous times.  We had a nice left over dinner of turkey and stuffing, night number 6 so we are winding down the Thanksgiving faire.


December 2020


Tuesday 01
Started the day off with a long talk with Peter Day; he got back home from NM and visiting with his mom for Thanksgiving.  Spoke to Larry at 1pm regarding the IRR; we had a good talk.  Afterwards I went outside onto Marion and did leaves.  Malachai stopped by and I had a long talk with him.  It was our first talk ever and my first time meeting him.  He is 8 years old and we hit it off like best friends.  Its a great world !  I relayed this story to the folks in the men's group today.  We had a great meeting.  In the evening I wrote up the summary of my call today with Larry and Dad.  Dad and I spoke immediately after my men's group.  It was a gorgeous sunny day.  Hb went downtown and did some shopping for a nice new hat and gloves.
Wednesday 02
Walk with David Mayfield into the park starting at 1pm.  It was a beautiful sunny day.  Hb stayed home.  When I got back Hb was just about to leave and so as I was doing compost I found the brownie we got from Dev at the Halloween party and had some of it before tossing the remaining part into the leaves.  It was a good night, and I finally for the first time in my life at 0.67 speed in VLC I was able to hear the spanish story from rtve called queso.mp3 from this date.  To more big accomplishments in life.
Thursday 03
Hb went to the dentist in the morning and I stayed home and spoke to Iris about the IRR document; similar to my call with Larry the other day.  After lunch we went over to Phoenix and Naj's and I helped her install office.  Then we went for a walk around the park; came home and did 2 bucket load of leaves from near the corner of Ryan, Bell and Denman.  Then I attended Scott Simmon's retirement party; what a freaking joke.  Tim Stop was good but Scott paid the guy money to play music for him for a virtual party; very, very strange world we now live in...
Friday 04
Another sunny gorgeous day in OR.  Started out the day with a nice talk with Jeff Mankoff.  Then I did the back yard gutters in the early afternoon then Hb and I went for a walk over to the water company. 
Saturday 05
Got to Sharon's in Brownsville just around noon.  Got gas on the way out.  It was foggy with rays of sun peaking through.  Afterwards we went for a walk up on the hill at the Pioneer cemetery.  We rolled into Sweethome via the back road on the north side of the Calapooia River.  Had a nice lunch at Casa de Reyes for the first time.  Afterwards we walked around Sweethome near the old mill just on the Sweethome side of the Santiam.  We talked on the phone to Jason until dusk and then drove home.  By the time we got to Lebanon it was dark.  When we got home we talked to Suzanne for awhile about her mom and the current situation regarding places for her to live.
Sunday 06
Ken called in the morning and we talked for awhile.  He and I had been trying to catch up on the phone for awhile.  Looks like Miller is going back to Hawaii.  Hb and I stopped by the coop and then parked at the UU and did a big walk down the hill to Kings, across, and then over to Winco to buy some tortillas.  We circled back and the stopped by TJ's.  Phoenix arrived from Phil's upon on our return home and we hung out for a short bit, and then we had our turkey dinner with tortillas.
Monday 07
Hb went to get a Christmas tree and I hung out at home.  In the afternoon Hb returned home and I raked the entire back yard of leaves and threw them on the side yard pile of leaves along with some mulch for the beds along with a pile of needles on the slab.  Nice talk with Dad this evening, still dealing with stuff from Nick H. in regard to how to deal with Dad's tax issues moving forward.
Tuesday 08
Talk with Iris in the morning about Nick H and how to move forward.  I made beans and we had them for lunch.  Afterwards we went down to the Herbert open space just south of Kiger Island.  Naj and Phoenix showed up 5 minutes after we arrived and we had a really nice walk with them on a gorgeous day.  Afterwards Phoenix invited us back to his house for turkey soup.  We hung outside on the porch and ate our soup.  Afterwards we went home.  I had a nice talk with Dad in the evening as well as a talk with Luke regarding the upcoming IPO of Airbnb and DoorDash.
Wednesday 09
More work on document for Nick Holland regarding legal questions pertaining to Dad's tax issues.  Big walk after Brent Stutzman left our house to give us an estimate for the heat pump hot water heater.  Brent was a nice guy and he showed up at our house around 2pm.  He gave me the details of the water heater and told me all about his business and how he got started in it.  We had a nice chat.  In the morning Hb and I went to the COOP to buy some ingredients for the turkey soup Hb made today with the left over turkey bones we had from Thanksgiving.  Today was another glorious beautiful day.  We have been on a roll now for days or almost weeks.  Long talk with Pedro in the evening about life, spirit and overall friendship in life.
Thursday 10
It was a cloudy rainy day and that at 3pm everything broke and it was gorgeous.  Hb and I did another super nice walk over to WL.  We were really in the moment today of the beauty at the WL river spot and the water droplets on the trees.  I also did a bunch of work today on Brandon's spreadsheet for Dad and made some progress on how to move forward with Dad.  Its been a bit on an intense time on this subject; but for the most part we are having fun.
Friday 11
It rained pretty much all day; but around 1pm Hb and I headed out for a walk to the COOP and we went by the new path with the flashing lights they installed on Crystal Lake.  Not much else to report, we are in the throes of winter, and its OK.
Saturday 12
Hb and I went to Eugene today probably for the first time this year or certainly since the pandemic.  We stopped off at Safeway and bought gas for $1.91, wow !!  On to Eugene and parked on 20th between Lincoln and Lawrence and meandered over to Cappela's Market where we had a yummy lunch and sat outside in the sun, it was beautiful.  We walked back towards the car and kept going, and then circled back.  We came home up River Road to Junction City, and then home on Peoria Road.  We stopped by the market and picked up some winter squash.  The fact that they still have winter squash mid December is way cool.  I think I came to some closure in my mind today on what I am going to do with Dad, Nick H, Iris and Larry and my game that we have been playing and trying to figure out over the past couple of weeks or month.  We have a meeting with Nick on Monday, and Brandon on Tuesday.
Sunday 13
Came was at our house at 9am, I called him around 7am.  Long talk with Linda in the park.  She has border collies and is very adept at training them.  Came home and sat in the garage for awhile and sun was blasting.  Then inside.  Ken left around noon and Hb arrived shortly after.  She had breakfast with Juliet at Elmers.  It started raining in the afternoon and I cleaned and vacuumed my room.  Talk with Ralph Alig about OddFellows and whether we will have the film festival this year.
Monday 14
At 9:30am I spoke to Larry for 1.5 hours.  Then at noon we had an hour long talk with Nick H.  It was a big day.  Hb and I had some lunch and then we went for a walk over to WL.  Dad got his new Imac Apple computer; so I was on the phone with him from 5pm to almost 7:30pm.  Today was way too much, but I made it.  See you tomorrow, oh brother ! 
Tuesday 15
We had another meeting with DELI and Dad, Brandon and Jim Brown.  Hb and I did a shopping circuit including Walmart and Market of Choice for pie.  I had my men's group at 4:30, Miguel was absent.  Then I picked up my bread at Kerstin's.  At 7pm we had our Oddfellows meeting which lasted till 9pm.
Wednesday 16
Got up early and was out the door by 8am.  Did my big walk around the park prior to the rains coming a few hours later.  I had a lot to work out as the past couple of days with Dad's money stuff and taxes has been a bit over the top for my psyche and I needed to yell and scream a bit to myself outside and get some things "worked out"; which I did do :)  On the way home I ran into Gerald / Gerry who lives on the corner of Park and Crystal Lake.  He and Mark W were talking with their masks on.  I walked up and said hi Gerry, which probably impressed him that I knew his name.  Luckily I had seen him earlier walking in the park.  In fact, I saw him twice prior walking in the park; once on the main path and then again circling back on the wood chip path; so the time of seeing him and talking with him made it a bit more clear who he was.  He looks a lot like Ken V, and so I can almost get them confused.  Came home and had my beans that I got going earlier and my yummy cereal.  Its a good life.  Hb went downtown to the PO to mail some Christmas cards.  Earlier we spoke to Pat about the election and the humour of it.  Late in the day I installed ios 14.3 on Hb's phone.  It was touch and go for a bit there as it would not work.  Eventually I was able to restore the factory settings and back up stuff from iCloud.  Whew, that was a bit of a scare for a little bit.
Thursday 17
Hb went for a walk with Dev and my car battery was dead; not completely but my car would not start.  So I went over to Home Depot and bought some jumper cables.  Came back home, watched a video on how to use them, and the car started up.  Took both cars for a ride.  Was talking to Dad at 5pm the usual time and Johng came by to do his men's group in the garage.  Hb and I went for a walk in the dark and the cold and the new moon up to Lilly Park and Bethel.  After Johng's men's group hanging out in the garage he stopped by our house and hung out with us past 9pm.
Friday 18
Helped Dad in the morning with his new computer plus we did some investment work on his IRA to Roth IRA conversion details.  In the afternoon we went over to Philomath and walked from the middle school parking lot around the whole property, over to the new houses, and out Applegate Road towards the big hill with the houses on it.  I have a much better handle now on Philomath and how it is layed out.  They have developed the last remaining piece of land on the south side of town, adjacent to Chapel Road.  Came home and raked my final round of leaves under the Hazelnut tree in the front yard.  It rained soon after I came inside.
Saturday 19
Pretty wet rainy day, but I got out for a walk after we picked the rug up off the garage floor and put it on the massage table next to the winter squashes.  Then I went for a walk over to WL and circled back.  On the way home I stopped off at Leonard's apple stand and gave him $20.  He said I could do a deal with him and get 10lbs of apples 4 times over the next number of months or until they go bad.
Sunday 20
Started out the day by calling Liz.  We had a good long talk and we were both in a good place.  Ended the call on how Israel would be a good country to go visit.  Liz was there for several weeks last year.  Hb and I went to the coop in the afternoon.  Today was one of those days where it rains all day.  Not bad though, as we have seen few of them this year.  It hasn't rained yet in LA.  Amazing, no rain at all...  At 4:30pm we went for a walk around the block.  The rain was light, and our walk was fine.
Monday 21
Was out the door by 8am.  It was a gorgeous sunny morning and by the time I walked a bunch of loops on the grass in the park I had my jacket off.  Came home and did a bunch of work outside until it was time to call jim sigman.  we spoke for 90 minutes.  Earlier in the day hb went to debbie killeen's to give her a neck massage.  hb came home and was not feeling good, in fact she threw up.  oh no...
Tuesday 22
Today we got our heat pump hot water heater and Jake installed it.  It cost us an extra $240 because there was a leak under the house to the new hot water heater connection.  Luckily we found it now, as we could already see mold and leaking happening.  So you were lucky to have gotten a new hot water heater when you did.  Also lucky, you had a professional install it instead of someone like Tal who would not have been able to crawl under the house and do the work this guy Jake did for $240.  That is why you pay big bucks to have the pros do their work, independent of what type of job or field you are talking about.  What a life.  After he left I worked outside and planted the big mound of dirt with a bunch of garlic seed.  I planted a lot of garlic seed and pretty much finished up the batch of seed I wanted to use.  Now we are on to processing the remaining fava beans from two years ago, planting more here and the remainder at Russell's along with maybe some garlic.
Wednesday 23
Several big highlights of the day.  First I bought gas and took the car out for a long ride out Hwy 20, and turned west on Ken's road back past his house and over to VC, TJ, and GD.  Came home and had our pre-Christmas dinner of salmon, yum.  Then the sun was blasting so I did my annual (around this time of year) run the lawn mower for the last time, mowed everywhere, and sat around waiting for the lawn mower to run out of gas.  I love this day, and the feeling of emptying the gas tank.  Then I did some trash duties mainly throwing away a bunch of old cardboard boxes sitting on the side of the house and the side yard.  Then Hb and I did a glorious, quick walk around the loop and admired the beautiful winter light and clear skies.  I came home and called Dad and we talked for a long time about his new computer.  I love helping Dad with his new computer and having the opportunity to be with him in this way.  Then I took my first bath with the new Hot Water Heater.  Its now like living in a hotel room and having really hot, and an infinite amount of hot water.  Our old hot water heater was old, and well pretty non-effective; plus we were lucky we caught it when we did as it was starting to leak; so the extra $240 we spent to fix the blown out pipe was well worth it, and a drop in the bucket for what the charge "could have been".  As I like to say, we dodged a bullet.
Thursday 24
Never left the house.  At around 3pm Steve's friend Phil came by and we talked for a few.  He wanted the combination to Steve's lock box but there was no key in there.  Long talk with Brian Wehrung at 7pm, we talked for 2 hours till 9pm.  Lots of cooking today for tomorrow's meal.
Friday 25
At 2:30pm Anyaa and Pedro came over for Christmas dinner. Anyaa left at 4:30pm just before it got dark, Pedro stayed till 7pm and we hung out and wrapped and had fun.  It was another cold rainy day, and it was the first time I had not left the house or really stepped outside in two days.  Probably almost a record for the year.
Saturday 26
At 1:30pm Ildi, Miko, Hb and I met at the bus stop and went for a big walk to the end of the park at WL.  Tomorrow is Miko's 16th birthday.  He was born the same year as Nick.  So Nick is about 9 months older than Miko.  We had a great conversation.  In the evening I had another great conversation with David Friedman.  I think the last time we talked was May 23, 2020.  So its been awhile, but we had a great time talking.
Sunday 27
Hb and I went to Buena Vista today.  It was our first time there and it was gorgeous, crisp blue sky day in Oregon.  We got there around noon or so, parked at the church and went for a big walk.  We ended up at the cemetery at the top of the hill, sat down on the bench; and chilled out for a good long while viewing off to the west and the lovely mountains.  On our way home we stopped off at the coop for some food for dinner.
Monday 28
Hb and I found the magic path to Junction City on Old River Rd; and we went for a long walk on Dodge Island Rd.  It was another stellar, beautiful, gorgeous, winter day !  We had a lovely time and afterwards we stopped off in Junction City for gas at $2.05.  Last time it was $1.91.  Long talk in the evening with Dad, he is loving his new Imac.
Tuesday 29
Highlight of the day was our men's group.  We went for a short walk around the block at 2pm and ran into Mark and Joey.  It was a cold gray day.  But yesterday and Sunday were glorious.
Wednesday 30
It rained pretty much all day; and when we decided to finally go for a walk at about 3:30pm --- the rains ceased and we had a nice walk.  In the evening I spoke to Dad and we watched a movie on Netflix about 2020.
Thursday December 31, 2020
The final entry of the year is pretty mellow.  We went out to Starr Creek Road and went for a lovely walk.  It was misting as we were driving out there.  Our first stop was at Tyee Winery; where we met Margy Buchanan.  Her gate was open so we came right in and went for a walk.  Upon our return while walking in the hazelnut trees we met Margy.  She was very nice.  Afterwards we went over to Starr Creek Road and went for a walk.  It was cloudy and low 50's and no rain.  A fine way to end the year.


Tyee Wine Cellars is located on the scenic Buchanan Family Century Farm founded over 130 years ago in the heart of Oregon's Willamette Valley. The Buchanans settled here in the 1850s and earlier generations ran an all purpose farm by growing wheat, animal feed and livestock. Third generation Buchanans raised Jersey cows to run a dairy and built a milking parlor that still stands today as Tyee's Tasting Parlor. The fourth generation, Dave and Margy Buchanan, planted the first winegrapes
in 1974 and founded Tyee Wine Cellars in 1985 along with raising sheep and planting hazelnuts. Today the family farm is operated cooperatively by fourth and fifth generation family farmers.  The farm remains a diverse operation, with an estate vineyard and winery, tasting parlor and historic barn events facility, hiking trails and picnic tables through hazelnut orchards, cathedral
oak trees and Willamette Valley native woodlands and wetlands.