January 2021


Friday 01
Day 1 of the New Year started out on a good note.  Today was Nick's first day of work at Wingstop.  He called us a few days back to tell us the good news.  Last evening I also had a nice talk with Gabe.  He is stuck at home as his Mom will not let him leave the house because of Covid.  Hb and I had a great walk around the park.  We left just after breakfast and were out for several hours.  We had a nice talk with Naj along the way.  It rained about an hour after we got home.  We had a nice New Year's day lunch of hot dogs and greens.  A good day was had by all...
Saturday 02
Rained all day, oh no; I hate days like this.  In the afternoon Hb and I went to TJ's and the COOP.  In the evening I spoke to Dad.
Sunday 03
Awesome morning, not real sunny, but sunny enough.  Right after breakfast Hb and I headed out and we walked to the end of Wake Robin and then circled back around up Luke's street Viewmont and observed them building the new Lincoln School.  It is a 50 Million dollar project and when the new school is completed the kids will be in a gorgeous space.  Anna will be heading their next year for Kindergarten and that will be perfect.  We then walked down Crystal Lake and briefly saw Tal, and then Luke coincidentally rode by on his bike; and I complemented him on the lovely wood stack in front of his house.  He stacked the wood into a teepee shape and it looks really cool.  Walking past Kathy's house Will came outside and invited us for a cup of coffee so we sat down on her south facing front porch for more than an hour and chatted with Will and Kathy.  I hadn't seen Will in a few weeks so it was great to catch up with him.  Came home, had some lunch and then went outside and shelled some fava beans that have been sitting in an old box with a lot of ash from the forest fires this summer.  But the favas from several years back at least are still good.  Turns out, and I learned through this experiment that actually storing them in the pods instead of harvesting the pods is a good way for them to stay long term.  Very cool, so I will plant out all of those fava beans in the big round side yard dirt pile and we will have plenty of fava greens and beans for the year.
Monday 04
Sent off an email to Mike and Kathy Link today in regards to their possible upcoming move to Corvallis.  Also attempting to write up phase II of the Nick Holland saga.
Tuesday 05
Looks like Kathy and Mike Link are real excited to move here.  Hb and I had a nice walk at noon.  Had lunch, and then planted fava beans in the round side yard circle.  It was a nice warmer afternoon for early January.  Brynn walked by with Molly and got excited about my positive attitude.  Nick sent us the trust documents today, so we are moving along on that boring front.
Wednesday 06
Today was the electoral college day certification.  Mike Pence broke with Trump and said he would certify the election.  But earlier in the day I got up and drove over to Office Depot to get my trust signature page along with our car insurance ID cards.  I then stopped by Grocery Depot for some big ol fat organic avocados at 3 for $1.  Came home and soon learned the the US capital was under siege by a bunch of trump like hoodlums who had stormed the building and taken over.  Hb and I got out for a nice brief walk at 3pm and ran into Steve Jones who built the new house on Thompson across the street from Judy and Dave.  I got his card and learned that he has a house for sale out on Decker Rd.
Thursday 07
Got Dad up and running on Zoom.  Cooked some winter squash.  Went for a walk late in the day and met Jennifer on Ryan and her two kids Madison and Cayley.
Friday 08
Ken came by early and we headed out to Dave Wills house out in Kings Valley.  Quite an interesting guy.  I bought a manzanita bush from him for $12; along with 3 dollars worth of avocados that he brought back from Ca.  He sold 40k worth of Christmas trees, which is about 1000 trees at $40 a pop.  He is building a new rammed Earth home and will get rid of his trailer out in front.  He is making his own insulation out of styrofoam.  Afterwards Ken and I did the big loop at Beazel's Forest.  It was a gorgeous dry day with some sun peaking through here and there.  We had a nice walk and the park pretty much to ourself.  We had some lunch items when we were out there.  Afterwards we went into Philomath and swung by Ken's customer's house Dave.  He has a beautiful property adjacent to the brand new development of houses.  We came back home past Bina's and Nash Ave.  A good day was had by all.  Got home and Steve Taylor brought us some yummy lasagne.
Saturday 09
Washed my sheets today early.  Our first Farmer's market of 2021.  Bot some GF Bread which was NOT that good.  Also got some greens from Luke.  Then Hb and I headed out to Decker Rd and went for a big hike at the top of the ridge.  Luke did some logging on Steve Jones property and that motivated us to head out there and check out where his property was located exactly.  From there, we saw the horse trailers parked on the side of the road so we parked there too, and discovered a gorgeous walk.  It was a cold day, but the sun was trying to sneak through.  We had a bunch of fun, and discovered a new spot for exploration.  Its called Decker Tree Farm and here is the GT Article and the Vimeo Video of Van Decker and why his place is so pristine.
Sunday 10
Worked all day on nushell.  The day started out with Jon asking me to look into going for the nu-command crate.  I spent all day on a fairly simple PR.  Hb and I went shopping in the afternoon and did the normal circuit.  Came home, put a baked chicken in the oven and went for a walk around the block.  There was some red in the sky to the west and the light was good just before 5pm.  We are catching the first glimpses of more light and spring already in the air.
Monday 11
Worked all day on nushell.  Spoke to Dad at 5pm.  Went for a walk in the drizzling rain around 7pm.  It was the first time I had a free moment all day.  As I was speaking to Dad I was chatting with Jonathan about a bug in one of the tests.
Tuesday 12
as always great mens group, I am really loving our mens group.  Its one of the best things I have done in my life of recent.  Earlier Hb and I had a nice walk around the park.  At times it was drizzling, but we got out after the major rains in the early morning; and once again in the early evening.  So we got another nice window of opportunity to get outside today.  Upon return from our walk I planted the manzanita bush I bought from Dave Wills last week when Ken and I got together with him.  I also did some other little things outside prior to it raining.
Wednesday 13
Today was a gorgeous sunny day.  The first one in awhile.  Hb's debit card got eaten by the atm at the coop; so what started out as a day going away somewhere...  we ended up having a nice day around the bank out on tech drive and doing a long meandering walk over to bina's farm.  a great day was had by all.
in the evening I had a nice talk with Dad.
Thursday 14
Hb and I did laundry in the morning.  It was sunny all day.  We parked at the senior center and walked around that hood, then over to OSU.  The library is open but closed.  You still cannot go up to the stacks and hang out and read books.  The MU was open, but dead.  There was NO ONE on campus.  Sad...  We stopped at the Comcast store and I got our cable bill reduced to $69, and only $55 if we buy our own modem.
Friday 15
Went over to Pedro's in the afternoon to hang out.  He signed the trust document and I took it over to the PO and mailed it off.  Hb signed it prior to going on her walk with Dev.  I came home, did some cooking and then we headed out on a walk with Reene.  We checked out the land, the water on her land, and the golden willow.  She loves to show us around and tell us about things we are observing.  It was a magical time with her this afternoon.  The light was good, cloudy, but the water and the land created a magical aura of beauty.  And with that we came home and watched the movie Into the Wild.  Nothing else needs to be said.  
Saturday 16
Great day in Albany.  Started out getting gas as usual.  Then on to Walmart to buy a bunch of stuff including a modem replacement for our $14 a month modem from comcast.  Stay tuned to see if it works.  Then over to Grocery Depot; we love that store; it is much better than the one in Corvallis.  Lunch at Rigobertos.  It was our first time there in 2021 and the last time we were there was not sure; but its been awhile.  We then took our food downtown and parked at the park; hb ate her meal in the car and I stood outside on the car and ate mine.  We were parked at the Sr. Center in the park just down from the merry go round.  We then walked to the end of Dave's Trail.  It was our standard long walk along the river in Albany.  Got home at 5pm and it was not quite dark.  In fact, it was still pretty nice out.
Sunday 17
Great talk with Stewart Cohn, he is doing well and we got all caught up on everything happening around us; especially the political climate and some insights into that opportunity.  It was great re-connecting with Stu again.  We are still both the same.  Ildi called and we had a nice walk with her in the park.  We left our house around 2pm.  In the park we ran into Renee and a friend of hers from Portland.  Then as well, Susan Tower and a friend of hers by the name of Peter.  Peter was cool and is into tiny houses.  Came home and did some weeding in the garden with the garlic.  That is going to take a while, but it was such a gorgeous day that working outside at around 5pm in late January is actually a pleasure.
Monday 18
Beautiful sunshiny day.  Hb and I went for a walk over to WL.  On the way home we picked up the wood in front of Lynne and Shirley's house and brought it back to the slab.  Hb made a yummy salmon and potatoes for dinner.
Tuesday 19
Had a meeting with Dad, Iris, Larry and Brandon at 9am.  Hb and I went out to the Adair Village adjacent federal property and walked around the big old paved road for the first time.  It is 2.7 miles around the loop.  Afterwards we stopped off at TJ's and then came home.  In the evening we had an Odd Fellows meeting that lasted till 9:30pm.  What a strange trip Oddfellows is...
Wednesday 20
Today was comcast xfinity day !  I woke up and decided today was the day to install the new cable router wifi modem we bought at Walmart last Saturday.  Step one was to take my old mac out of the drawer and power it up.  Its charge was zero, as it has not been used since I bought my new mac which was probably two years ago ?  Any way, my new mac does not have an ethernet port and I needed one to talk to my modem.  So step one was an experiment which failed miserably.  You can not use your old modem to power a signal to a new modem which would then only be used to test the wireless.  I called the Arris customer service and they confirmed it would not work.  The guy at comcast told me yesterday it probably would not work, but I did not believe him.  Well I found out today when it didn't work, and then I called and confirmed it would not work.  So my only option left was to break down and call comcast and get the new modem up and running.  The guy I spoked to was very nice.  He got it going pretty quickly and also recommended I get a roku replacement for free called a Flex streaming box.  So we ate tuna fish for lunch and then went over to the Xfinity store which is now conveniently next to Trader Joes.  We were in there after one walk around the block.  Kelly waited on us and she was very nice.  She took back the old modem and gave us the new streaming box and we were out the door.  We then walked from there over to Linus Pauling and walked twice around the track.  It was a gorgeous cloudy quiet afternoon.  There was no sound, it was very still for a wednesday afternoon.  So we had a very nice walk.  We came home and I cooked and made our turkey with tortillas.  A very nice day was had by all; and we did laundry to boot. 
Thursday 21
In the morning Anna called us and we went out to the Decker Road property owned by Anna and Steve Jones who will be moving to Thompson St across from Dave and Judy.  They have a lovely home and 27 acres of pristine trees.  We hung out in their house for awhile and then we walked their property for quite awhile.  First Anna took us out, and then we walked down to the end of their driveway on our own and up to the next street called Linville Ln.  We then walked down that street and back up parallel to their property and all the way to the property line.  There were some trails that the neighbors had put in and we took advantage of these.  It was a cloudy and slightly warm winter day and we had fun and took tons of pictures.  In the evening I had a long talk with Dad about buying real estate in Corvallis and my allocation strategy for the trust money et al.
Friday 22
Aunt Harriet died last evening.  Iris communicated this to me today over email.  Hb cleaned the house.  We finally took down the Christmas tree and put it in the dumpster and they came and picked it up today.  I took the tree stand back over to our neighbor Cheryl's house.  Cheryl is the daughter of Helen.  We went for a walk around 2pm, it was sunny, clear and quite chilly.
Saturday 23
This was quite a day.  It started out with an obit on Aunt Harriet.  That took up a significant amount of the morning along with a few other notes and responses in relation to that.  The Farmer's Market was sunny and warm.  Afterwards we hiked all the way to the end of Bald Hill Trail.  We had a nice adventure in the blue sky.  Came home and had lunch and then I went over to meet with Phoenix for the first time in 6 weeks.  We had a conversation about the event that took place on the evening of my men's group.  Afterwards he walked me over to Kathy Miller's house and on the way home I ran into Patrick.  We had a long talk.  Towards the end of our conversation Brynn stopped by with Molly who is doing better.  Mindy's grandma died today.  Harriet died yesterday and had Patrick's mom lived to this time she would have been 93 too.  Came home from my talk with Patrick and had a nice long talk with Dad.  Also got an email from kleiman, hopefully we will talk on Zoom soon.
Sunday 24
Hb and I went for a big walk in the park; through WL and then the full park circuit.  We saw Russell and his neighbor Greg who I had a men's group with once.  Will Werner was there that night too.
Monday 25
Took $50 over to Michael and Cheryl as they are starting up their fundraising campaign for the Tuesday farm stand.  Then Hb and I went over to Winco to buy some tortillas.  Then we went for a walk up in the hills at the end of Garfield.  It was nice up there, it was our first time there, but it started to rain at the end of our walk so we came home but first stopped by the coop for some random items.  Hb bought chicken and we had a nice yummy dinner of chicken and sprouts and salad.
Tuesday 26
Our first snow of the year !  Hb and I went out about 3pm and walked around the block.  We saw lots of people out.  Tal and Miriam's son are going to medical school in las cruces.  The snow was beautiful.  At about 8am this morning I did another big walk around WL.  It was dry; and I had a nice early morning walk.  Men's group was good, we talked about the limits of science.  Then we went back out in the snowy evening and picked up my bread at Kerstin's and Ildi came over just at that moment so we went for a walk with her through the snow.
Wednesday 27
The day kicked off with Harriet's funeral at 9am.  On the zoom call was Mark, Rich, and Gary, Iris, Dad and others.  In the afternoon there was still some snow in the foothills so we drove out and parked at the corner of Peterson and Ervin Road.  It was a nice afternoon and at the end of our walk we met two women, mom and daughter.  The mom moved there when she was 10 years old in 1965.  Left and moved to Portland and came back to have the kids.  She told us a lot about the history of the hood.  At the end of our walk it started misting; but the whole walk was nice and clear. 
Thursday 28
Hb and I parked at 35th and Harrison church and went for a walk over to OSU.  On the way home we stopped off at the coop.  It is now staying light outside past 5:30pm.  We had a nice chat with Mindy upon our return home from the coop.  Tomorrow is her last day at the school.  Talk with Jason about Munchies and more discipline at school.
Friday 29
started the morning out reading my fdr book.  I just past page 200, about 1/3 through the book and we are just starting into his third term as president.  the war has not started yet.  so 1/3 into the book and no war, but London is getting hammered.  in the afternoon we went for a walk around the park.  spent a good chunk of time speaking with mark and joey, and then another nice session with yawn from the netherlands.  he now officially knows our name and we like him, and he likes us.  he also goes to kp, and told me when he had his dairy he was paying $629 per month in health insurance.  he is 73 years old.  today I also dealt with with wfc in getting things rolling a bit more on the trust front.  in the evening dad and I had a long talk about possibly buying a rental property in corvallis with some of the cash.
Saturday 30
started out the day at 8am speaking to Rand and Tessie.  That was for 2 hours.  At 10am I started my day.  Hb and I went to the Farmer's market briefly.  We weren't there long, we had another interaction with Rebecca about masks, she gave us an N95 mask and then we went to TJ's.  We got home and called Peter and invited him over for dinner.  We went out for a very short walk around the block.  Came home did some cooking for dinner.  We had a beautiful evening with Peter.  It was probably really the first time he has been in our house by himself for an extended period of time having a nice meal since before the pandemic struck.  It has been a very strange 12 months in that respect; and we all have been blindsided by the event.  All of our responses have been different but in summary just that one fact sums up the strange trip this life can be.
Sunday 31
A pretty mellow day.  Hb and I went for a walk around the block in the afternoon and we picked up some blue iris's from Hester and Gerry.  I had a nice talk with David and Dana Kleiman and then a nice talk with dad as well.  Its a good life, I have not spoken with David Kleiman in years.


February 2021


Monday 01
Started the day off with a ride down to the bank to meet with Robyn.  Earlier in the morning we signed up to go to Ashland and Redding starting this Thursday morning.  We are excited to get away and finally I believe the time is right.  Hb went to the VC and Lee Miller came over for a nice lunch.  We had greens and rice and he brought us some nice dried figs from his tree along with an orange.  He also bought Kobucha for us but we aren't into that stuff.  I had a long talk with Nick and Rosie.  It was my 2nd serious long talk with Rosie, she is quite the woman and Nick found a good one and I told her that.  Her father's side is hispanic and her mom is from Ohio.  It rained all day today.  We missed Ed Epley's funeral, but Lee Miller, Hb and I thought about him.
Tuesday 02
It was real sunny blasting morning.  So I got up and we cleaned the roof of the bathroom from the mold; also went out to the shed to get the chair and locked the shed for our trip.  It was the first time I had ever locked the shed for going away; meaning we haven't gone anywhere since we got the shed late in the summer.  I then planted the blue Iris's we got from Gerry and Hester.  Hester had them outside her front yard and she was happy for us to take them.  Then I got some stuff out of the car for the trip and Hb and I went for a big walk around WL and into the park.  It was a bonus walk because the weather was so nice, even though the original forecast had been rain.  Came home and did a bunch of cooking and we had my beans tambien that I cooked when I first woke up.  We will take some beans on our trip.
Wednesday 03
Today was day 2 of packing for our trip.  We leave in the morning.  It was another stellar sunny winter day in OR.  We are on a good weather streak; although it rained hard last night and into the early morning hours.  Around 1pm we headed out for a walk and ran into Mark and his friend Meredith who is a nurse here in Corvallis.  She lived down on the beach of Mexico for about four years in the winter months and we discussed the issues with being in a foreign country.  What a life !  Pedro had discussed this point many, many years ago when he returned from Chile but I am not quite sure I ever quite got it completely.  My mind now is totally ready to accept the fate of this comment.
Thursday 04
Hb and I got up at about 6:30am and was out the door by around 9am.  We stopped in JC for gas @ 2.41... Over Christmas I noted it was 1.91, guy at the gas station said its up because of Biden.  We stopped at Safeway in Grants Pass for bananas and then proceeded along the apple gate river to phoenix where we got our chicken mole togo.  It was our only option.  We then proceeded to witness the massive devastation from the wild fires this summer that ravaged talent and phoenix.  A very sad site indeed.  Got to our hotel, checked in, and ate our food first thing.  I opened the third floor door with the cooler and carried most of the stuff upstairs.  Hb went back downstairs for one more load.  The late afternoon tardecer light was lovely.  We were back home in Ashland.  We had not gone on a vacation since Hb's bday in Ashland, the day the plandemic started.  We were back home and we were happy to be here.  What a life.  It was cold, but dry and clear and we walked to the end of Lithia park and then back along the main street on the park.  It was a quiet night, no one was out, the restaurants were all shut down on a Friday night !  We have witnessed massive devastation in our economic infrastructure in food and tourism but for us we are out of the loop so we see nothing.  But its real apparent here in Ashland because we know what it used to be like. 
Friday 05
Great pretty sunny day for the most part.  Hb and I started out the day shopping.  Hb went to her favorite store and bought a few items.  I went over to the bank to try getting $100 from my bank and then went over to the outdoor store to look at socks for $24 which I decided not to purchase.  Then we had a nice lunch of Thai food.  Across the street from the hotel is a new Thai restaurant and they made the food for us with no salt.  It was very good and we had some left over for dinner.  We got 3 lunch specials for $10 each.  Then we went for a big walk on our favorite walk up on the hill.  We saw a house for sale for 1.667M that was built by Carlos Diego a famous architect.  The assessed value of the property in 2008 when the house was built was 900k and the taxes were around 15k.  We went back to the hotel and then went out for another walk down to the coop and then to the end of the street that parallels the railroad tracks.  By then it was totally dark so we turned around and headed up the next street and then went home.  We had a great full nice day in Ashland, OR
Saturday 06
Hung out in the morning and sat in the sun and did my spanish.  at noon we went out and walked from here over to the university.  we walked up the hill and then across to the university.  it was fun seeing that neighborhood again, its a nice one.  we then crossed 99 and main and back to the coop for a nice lunch.  we got our food, I got a boat load of salad and back at the hotel.  eating in our room has been fine, plus we love staying at this hotel.  after lunch we went to shop n kart and got some goodies for the rest of the trip.  i bought two pair of socks and some dates, and some other good stuff.  its a good store and we love going there each time we come to ashland.  came back and went for our walk at dusk.  la luz del atardecer se queda mas tiempo.
Sunday 07
Hung out in the morning waiting for the clouds and fog to break.  by the time we headed out around noon it was getting nice.  we headed towards the freeway and the roads east of downtown or those hoods down Helman.  Came back to the coop for lunch and then back to our room to eat our yummy lunch.  At around 5pm Hb decided to take a bath and I went back out for our evening walk.  I walked all the way up to the top of the hill, my usual hill on this side of ashland creek and then back down my usual way as well.  It was a lovely evening; I was not hold or cold for a second and I was in my trance.  The climate in Ashland is vastly different than it is in Corvallis.  I need hand cream every night here, so its way dryer where as in Corvallis I never need hand cream.  Its much more like eastern OR or NM with the high desert dry mediterannean climate.  It was another beautiful day on our trip.  It has been nice every day this week except monday.  tuesday and wednesday in corvallis were surprisingly sunny, and then when we left thursday till now has been beautiful.  a rock and roll week of weather was had by all.
Monday 08
Up kind of early, early breakfast at the hotel.  Then Hb and I got the car all packed up and headed over to the COOP to get our food and lunch for today and tomorrow.  We drove over the mountain and had our lunch on the Klamath River at our usual spot.  Prior we hung out at the top of the hill on the PCT Trail.  We love that spot and chilled out there.  The drive from that spot to the river we saw zero cars behind me.  Not a one.  Several cars passed us in the other direction, so no one is going over that pass; we love that road.  It was slightly snow covered.  We got to our hotel, The Best Western, chilled out for a bit and then walked the hood near the hotel.  It was our first time staying here and walking the hood around here.  We like Klamath Falls, and we especially like the drive here from Ashland.  Weather has been nice, and we have one more full day here prior to going home.
Tuesday 09
Our final day on the trip, we are going home tomorrow.  Got up around 7am and finalized our room rate of $79.15.  We got two bags of oatmeal which should be pretty good.  Our breakfasts in Ashland we had egg quiches which were yummy too.  Breakfast at the hotel.  Got going early and drove out to the OC&E Trail...   Walked several miles out and then back.  Lovely, gorgeous spot.  We will be back here.  Having this trail is incredible.  Back into town and stopped by a mexican restaurant for some food and then Fred Meyers for some food for the road tomorrow.  I had my men's group at 4pm, its really a good group of folks.
Wednesday 10
Up at 5:30am, and had our breakfast around 6am.  We were out the door at 8am and got some Starbucks for Hb.  We headed out of town on a gorgeous sunny, cold morning.  Around 30 degrees.  By 10:15am we were up in the mountains on Hwy 58 and pulled off at the small ski resort community.  Hung out on their road / driveway and had a yummy early lunch of salad from the other day at the coop along with humus, bread from the coop, and cheese we bought yesterday at Fred Meyer.  We were home by 1pm and drove through Coburg, Harrisburg and Peoria Rd.  I took the car for a ride out airport road.  We had dinner and went for a walk around the block.  We came home and I called Dad.  He is enjoying a class he is taking on Ireland and was listening to the Trump Impeachment trial. 
Thursday 11
First day back.  Did laundry in the morning and then the food shopping circuit.  Completed part I with Lauren Winberg, so that is done and tucked into the local situation here.  Not a great day, cloudy and rainy and so upon our return from shopping I did a quick walk around the block.  In the evening we listened to an interesting piece from Greg Braden. 
Friday 12
Parked on 7th and walked downtown to the PO to pick up our mail and resume service.  Then we walked around and Hb stopped by Bodhi for a mexican mocha.  We then walked over to OSU and swung back around to our car.  In the afternoon I started working on our taxes.  It was a cloudy, icy, rainy, day.
Saturday 13
Rained pretty much all day.  About 3pm we went out for a walk and saw Patrick so we walked up Crystal Lake with him and then ran into Sally.  We walked back home and I ran into Doug and we talked for a long time about OR government issues including his job and Lloyds of London.  Hb and I then went back out and walked up to Alexander.
Sunday 14
Rained all day, but we still went out for a big walk.  We walked over to the river and then around the park at about 1pm and got back at about 3pm.  It was a good walk and we felt satisfied with our time outside today.  Came home and made some winter squash.
Monday 15
Spoke to Larry at 12:30pm.  Earlier I went for a short walk around the block when it was sunny out.  After lunch Hb and I went to Walmart, upon our return we went for a walk and ran into Malachai and we met his Dad Garrett.  I learned they would buy the haunted house next door.  We got a walk around the block in and it rained some.  It was a mix of sun and clouds day.
Tuesday 16
Right off the bat I had a long talk with John Zeuli, the last time we spoke was Wednesday Nov 4, the day after the election.  We spoke for just under 2 hours.  It was actually a pretty nice day with some good sun.  There were also some clouds and a minor bit of rain.  We went out for a walk in the early afternoon around WL and then we came back home and I did some compost stuff and then took my car for a ride out to Airport Rd.  At 5pm I went over to pick up my bread and at 7pm we had our Oddfellows meeting on Zoom.  The Grand Master from the state of Oregon Gordon Corda was at our meeting and discussed the possibility of allowing Zoom meetings for the future of Oddfellows.
Wednesday 17
Another interesting day.  Started off the day with an email from Monica Jacoby who lives in Florida.  Also learned that Sharon is going to come visit us next weekend.  Once I learned that she was going through Bend it was a no brainer for her to come and visit us.  I spoke to her this afternoon on the phone.  We met Hatti, Malachai's sister; Mida who lives across the street from Cecilia, she has a yellow door and her two children George and Ruth the older sister.  Pedro and I moved some wood at his house at 11:30am and then we went over to his rental to put up a shower curtain and move some outdoor chairs.  Stopped by Laughing Planet and spoke to Victor and then we came back to our house.  Hb had purchased a gluten free pizza and so Pedro had our lunch at our house with Hb.  Afterwards I went for a short walk around the block.  The weather this morning was lovely, sunny and warm and I had a nice chat with Diane and Kerry.
Thursday 18
Lots of work on Hb taxes and my taxes too.  Got the import functionality to work with the account I was concerned about and it worked like a charm; so that clears the way for me to move forward quickly on my taxes.  Hb and I went for a walk around the park; we were not expecting to do such a big walk but the weather was very cooperative and the rains held off and we got it in.  Hb went to the coop right when we got home to get some coffee.
Friday 19
More work on taxes.  Long talk with Jason, Rochelle, Munchies about the fact that her teacher called us today.  She said munchies is failing her zoom computer classes.  We went for a walk around the park, the rains held off.
Saturday 20
We went up to Monmouth, walked around the university and I had menudo for lunch and Hb had steak Fajitas.  The rain held off, it was cold at heart but really only about 50.  Came home and walked around till dark; and had a short talk with Patrick and Mindy.  Today was Eve's 50th birthday.
Sunday 21
Started out the day with a talk with Nick Secor, not sure the last time we spoke but its been awhile.  In either case, it was very nice to catch up with him.  At dusk, we went out for our walk; it was a pretty cold, cloudy, slightly rainy day; and so it wasn't until 6pm that we got a chance to go.
Monday 22
Around 1pm we went for a nice walk in the park with Mark and Joey.  We ran into him just as he was passing the Bell Park on Crystal Lake and we did the whole big walk with him.  We had fun.  Nice talk with Dad in the evening.  Hb went to TJ's and bot turkey and salmon for our dinners for the week so we made the turkey this evening and had tacos.
Tuesday 23
Men's group was fine as usual, Miguel was not able to attend because of covid "quarantine" issues.  We had a good talk.  Earlier Hb and I did our first walk on Smith Loop.  We caught a good chunk of the day and weather after a misfire we drove over past Bina's house and south on 53rd extension and landed at the Smith Loop which was clearly a blessing.
Wednesday 24
Real nice sunny day in Corvallis.  Did a bunch of shopping, starting out at Winco for Oatmeal and tortillas, then onto the VC for raisins, and TJ's standard, and free bananas and other assorted goodies at the Grocery Depot.  Came home and finally cleaned up the sunchoke mess on the sidewalk.  Its been sitting there all winter waiting for a cleanup plus also the west garden bed next to Jay and Sarah's cutting down the massive fennel plant menagerie.
Thursday 25
Called Sharon early morning to check in on the weather situation she will be facing today or tomorrow as she ventures over the Cascades to our house.  Went for a short walk with Hb and then I loaded up Bob's yard waste bin with the remnants of last years flowers and growth.  Also trimmed back the big bush on the side of the house next to Jay and Sarah's trash cans.  It was cold and cloudy but the rains held off till evening.  I had a nice talk with Sharon in Bend and Rand in Abq.  He is considering trenching his front yard for Comcast internet.  Also nice talk with Dad about his book called This is Happiness by Niall Williams.
Friday 26
Mellow day at home.  Dev came over in the early afternoon and hung out with Hb for a couple of hours.  Went for a walk late in the day and I spoke to Malachai about the haunted house on the corner of Marion and Thompson.
Saturday 27
Start out the day with a 7am talk with Sharon.  Roads are still very snow packed in the Cascades and she is driving from Bend to Corvallis this morning leaving Bend around 8am; I told her to hold off and leave later in the morning.  Sharon arrived around 1pm exactly one year to the day from last year.  Patrick, Mindy, Jan, Hb and I were out talking when she pulled in.  Earlier we had gone to the coop to pick up some food and coffee for Sharon's arrival.  Sharon and I went for a walk around the park.  It was a lovely cold day.  We had a nice chicken dinner which Hb cooked while we were out on our walk.  Sharon showed us some slides in the evening of her time in Wyoming.
Sunday 28
Great day with Sharon.  We mosied along in the morning with a nice breakfast and then went over to Decker Road property for a lovely hike in the sunshine.  It was a spectacularly gorgeous day.
Afterwards we came home and I cooked a nice meal and then I worked outside doing clean up work in the side yard.  I came in and cooked some winter squash.  We hung out in the evening and talked with Sharon and had fun.


March 2021


Monday 01
Right off the bat Sharon was gone and out the door before I awoke and the light came on.  Then I finished off my taxes for this year.  Hb and I went for a short walk and spoke to Russell and Anthony at the bus stop.  As usual, Anthony was bouncing off the walls.  Then we drove over to the COOP to get our free olive oil.  Came home and did some gardening.  I am finishing up processing my fava beans from last summer along with planting them in the backyard next to the slab and in the front east mound.  I saw Jen and dug up a blackberry for her in the grapes which she and Lucy did a nice job trimming back.
Tuesday 02
Worked on Hb's taxes in the morning.  In the early afternoon Hb went for a walk with Dev and I went over to Russell's and did some gardening and weeding for the first time this year.  In the afternoon we went for a walk over to Michael and Cheryl's and then swung back around through the park through Renee's land.
Wednesday 03
At the end of the evening we watched a documentary about Billie Holiday.  It was from this movie that I came up with the theme for this upcoming mens group.  Earlier we went back to Smith Loop for the 2nd time.  This time we walked across the big grass fields and over an old home made bridge.
Thursday 04
We went over to VC, went for a walk, and then Hb went shopping.  We stopped by the COOP, came home and had lunch and then I talked to Dad.  At 6pm we went for a nice walk, this time of year is great !  More light at the end of the day makes me happy.
Friday 05
hair cut, haircut number one of the year. It looks like my last haircut was on May 27th, which is pretty unbelievable as that was almost 9 months ago.  We will see when the next one comes in.  Dad and I went over his bookreview for his Ireland book which seems really good and nice.  We never went outside today as the weather was just kind of crappy and rainy and Hb cut my hair so I went outside for a second to get some hair out the door.
Saturday 06
Made some winter squash early in the day.  I went to buy gas for the lawn mower as I may be doing some mowing soon for the first time this year.  Came home and Hb and I went for a walk around the block.  We picked up a rosemary bush from Joe on Crystal Lake and I came home and put it in a pot; and also did some weeding of the garlic bed.
Sunday 07
Mowed the lawn and cut the grass for the first time.  It was rainy this morning but this afternoon was nice.  Hb went to help Dev pack for her move in a few weeks.  I did some research on Washington today where we will be going later in the week.  Spoke to Dad in the afternoon about his Ireland book This is Happiness.
Monday 08
Day 1 of packing for our trip on Wednesday.  In the afternoon it was cold but we went out for a nice walk over to WL.
Tuesday 09
Great walk around WL leaving at about noon, it ended up being sunny at the end of our walk.  Hb went over to Dev's for her B-day party with Will, they bought her a big ol fat chocolate cake.  The remaining half of cake was taken over to Mindy's house while I was in my men's group.  The timing on the rain was perfect as it rained at the end of the day.
Wednesday 10
Day 1 of our journey.  Had a nice lunch in Hood River and then we drove up the Klickitat River basin starting at Lyle on Hwy 142 and ending up in Goldendale.  We got to the Oxford Suites Hotel in Yakima a bit before sunset.  We bought gas at the pueblo along the way.  Unpacked and went for a walk outside our room along the river south and under the underpass towards the park.
Thursday 11
Great day in Ellensburg; and the drive up here along the Yakima Canyon was amazing.  We had a nice morning in Yakima with a breakfast at the hotel and short peace outside on the river walk outside our room.  Then we headed over to Selah and Hb got a coffee and we walked down a street in the hood over there.  The weather today was as good as it gets this time of year.  Full sun all day, and warm.  We didn't even need a jacket all day.  After hanging out in the canyon for awhile and having a really nice talk with a guy whos great grandma took 3 trips back to Chicago from Portland, OR in a covered wagon to visit her family back home.  He lived his whole life in the tri-cities area and was up on the Yakima river checking out the fly fishing scene.  We talked to him at a nice park and boat launch in the canyon.  Arrived into Ellensburg and rode around the town a bit and then signed up for two nights at the Best Western.  Had a real nice lunch at Lunchbox Cafe.  We had a big bowl of soup, a delicious spinach salad and a tuna sandwich and a grilled cheese on gluten free bread.  Then we walked around downtown and over to the University.  At the end of the day we drove out of town up into the foothills east of town.
Friday 12
Up early and we drove up to the mountains today all the way to Cle Elum Lake.  Up there we ran into a guy who needed a jump; as he had a dead battery.  He told me about sky diving and showed me his silencer.  We had a nice lunch at Stella's and took the back road home.  Late in the day I walked to 711 N. Pine Street which is 3 miles round trip.  It was a gorgeous walk by myself in the beautiful town of Ellensburg as the sun was setting to the west.
Saturday 13
As I was pulling out of town I changed my mind and decided to drive east young man instead of going to Wenatchee.  We chose to drive aross on Hwy 26 the whole way to Colfax.  At Washtucna which was mile post 83 the landscape changes from high wheat plains to slightly rolling hills.  Its a long way down the hill from Ellensburg to the Columbia River with some traditional Yakima landscape.  Then you slowly come into the wheat fields as you leave Hanford Reach.  Othello is a sizable town and just before it in Royal City we bought gas for $2.99.  We swung into Colfax and noticed a Best Western but headed into Pullman where we had an OK Pad Thai and Pineapple Fried Rice with no sauces or spices.  Luckily the food was not too spicy or salty.  It was our first Thai meal since we had a special order Thai food in Ashland across from Ashland springs hotel.  We then looked around for a place to stay and found the Coast Hilltop Inn.  I called the lady from the Thai restaurant and she told me that she would honor whatever rate I found on the internet.  I ended up paying $95 for tonight which is Saturday night and the next 2 nights would be $67 so that was a good deal.  We checked in and then discovered a nice park just down the street from across the grave yard.  It was a beautiful park and we walked the whole thing and then bumped into some guys back yard where Hb was walking through.  We like Pullman, Wa and are happy to be here for a few nights.
Sunday 14
Great day with Io.  She and Sqeak came by at 11am and I hung out with him for awhile outside the hotel lobby.  Then he took off and we went with Io over to her office building and she showed us all around her studios of offices.  Then we went to Moscow and went to the coop and got some food and headed over to the Moscow arboretum and hung out for the whole afternoon with her.  She is a lovely spirited woman just like her mom Myra and her grandmother Frances.  What a lovely first time to meet her in our lives.  It was beautiful and at the end of our time together we told her we loved her.  Then Hb and I headed over to Walmart to buy a toaster for our adventures out on the road.  Came home and toasted some bread !  Gluten free yummy bread I bought at the coop.  Then we headed out north of town on 27 and made a left on Reid Road.  Parked on the side of the road and walked into the new arrived light as our first full day of daylight savings.
Monday 15
Hung out in the morning as there was some minor snowfall.  Around 12:30pm we headed into Moscow on the back road just south of the freeway.  We went to the coop and got a snack and then walked around downtown.  We then drove out of town to the north a bit to check out some of the rural beautiful hoods to the north.  Came back into town and went to the coop for our food and then drove home and ate our meal at the hotel.  It was yummy.  We love this place.  Its an absolutely stunning beautiful area.
Tuesday 16
We drove up to Palouse and drove around.  Then we drove north on 27 to Garfield.  In Garfield we asked a guy how to get back to Moscow.  He told us to go to Farmington.  From there we drove on a paved road to Farmington.  From there we headed up over the hill and spoke to a lady who came out of her garage and told us how to get to De Smet, Idaho.  We headed up over the big hill to McCroskey State Park.  From there we headed south on 95 to Potlatch, Idaho which was a company town.  We got dinner at the Coop and took the back road home once again for the 2nd day in a row.  We had dinner and then walked through the Odd Felllows cemetery through the Skyline park and the hood adjacent to it.
Wednesday 17
We drove out to Albion and then headed out to the Rose Creek Preserve and kept going on that road to Colfax.  We had a great walk along the river north of town and north of McDonald Park.  It was a gorgeous valley.  Then back into town and checked out all of Colfax.  We walked around town and then back over to Palouse and then over to Moscow.  We got food at the coop and came home.  The weather was 60 degrees and sunny all day.  It was lovely !
Thursday 18
Up and decided to check out today.  So we drove to Walla Walla through Lewiston and came down the big hill.  We had a nice lunch in a park in Dayton and then rolled into Walla Walla around 4pm and checked into the Hampton Inn.  We had nice greek meal downtown and then walked around downtown a bit.  At dark we drove north of town to check out that part of town.
Friday 19
Up at 5am.  We left the hotel at 7am and drove west through walla walla on frog hollow road and then north to 12.  we pulled into hermiston, bought some gas and stopped off at Farm Stand in the Gorge.  We ate here on the way up too.  Its a great place along the way.  From here we did the rest stop on I5 at French Glen and we were home by 4pm.  Luckily the weather was good and we got minimal rain.  A good trip was had by all.  It sort of rained hailed soon after we got home so we didn't even go out for a walk in the evening.  trip summary: oxford suites in yakima, best western in ellensburg, coast hilltop inn in pullman, hampton inn in walla walla.
Saturday 20
Hb went to Renee's land for a ceremony with Dhara, Susan Tower and her boyfriend Peter.  We went shopping, came home had some dinner and went for a very short walk around the block.  I talked to Pedro in the evening for about one hour.
Sunday 21
Hb went to help Dev move in the morning.  In the afternoon we walked over to the end of Tunison and around.  We had a nice walk and it was cold but not too bad.
Monday 22
We went to pick up our mail and then swung by TJ's for food.  We came home and I made some lunch and then we went for a walk over to the water company.  I called Dad at the normal time and we had a nice talk.  He is wrapping up his book report for "This is Happiness" which is a novel that takes place in Ireland in the 1950's.  He also had a class on Ireland recently as well.
Tuesday 23
Started out the day with my stool sample.  For some reason, probably because of Covid they waited till now to send out the stool sample kit; so this morning was the day.  Luckily the morning was gorgeous, sunny and freezing with ice on the car windows but seeing the sun is nice.  Stopped by the bank to complete the past couple of months saga with all of this fun stuff.  Patrick stopped by briefly and we had a nice chat about the trip we took.  Hb and I went for a big walk around the park.  I had my men's group where we talked about racism, and then Hb and I went back out for another short walk around the block.
Wednesday 24
Called Jim at Tackbox and he was here within two hours.  What a guy.  I had called Larry the other mint compost guy yesterday evening but his prices went up (alot) and I was able to buy 7 yards of the horse and fertile for $171.  So its a done deal.  Also, listened to the docusign conference call today.  Its funny, I went there this morning to set up the investor call and noticed that analyst day was TODAY.  Lucky timing.  Hb and I went out for a walk to WL in the afternoon.  I spoke to Nick Secor on the walk and Johng briefly later in the day.  I had a good talk with Dad too.  Hb went over to Dev's to do a cleansing on her new house and Renee was coming as well.  The evening was chilly, slightly cloudy but somewhat nice looking out from my window.
Thursday 25
Phoenix came over briefly while Hb was at Dev's.  Hb and I went for a walk around the block.  Earlier we went to the coop to buy our free bacon with our 4th and final coupon they sent out awhile back.  I am working on syncing photos from amzn, google, and my local computer.  What a hassle.
Friday 26
Day started out with a bang.  I got the shot vaccine for covid.  Diane and Kerry were there along with Beth the farmer who's party we used to go to every year.  I parked at the hilton and walked over.  It was a gorgeous morning.  Came home and Hb and I went for a big walk over to WL.  Along the way we had a long talk with Steve who we hadn't seen since way before our trip.  We then had a nice chat with Mindy and Buddy.  Then we briefly said hello to Ken.  He bought a big new rig trailer.  We had a nice chat with Francesca and her little grandson who is now seven.  Mart and Peace we saw for a 2nd time this week and they gave us a nice lemon which we had for lunch.  We sat on the bench at the park in WL and looked to the southwest way down the valley.  They put in new basketball nets (finally).  Came home and cooked our turkey bacon.  The coop over the past 4 weeks gave us butter, bacon, hamburger and olive oil.  Our trip was timed so that we got all 4 things.  Came home and had a nice lunch and then I cut the grass for the 2nd time this year.  We also had a nice chat with Bob.  His girlfriend Sandy's husband died five years ago.
Saturday 27
Ken called in the morning and he came over about 10:30am.  It was the best day of the year.  Sun all day, and around 65.  It was like summer.  Ran into Phoenix in Bell Park and he walked with us in the park.  Ken picked nettles.  We swung back by through Naj's house and they showed us their new green house and its use with the nice plants.  This year they should work based on clones which I now understand.  This way you know you have a female plant.  We hung out at Naj's for awhile and then Ken and I came back home and we hung out in front of the garage for awhile in the blasting warm sun.  Hb and I had some lunch and then we went over to Home Depot to buy some light bulbs.  We came home and went for a nice walk.  It was still warm at 5pm.  In the evening I am doing a massive photo management issue.  The June 1, 2021 deadline for Google photos is incentivizing me to do a massive re-factor across the board on photos.  What fun !
Sunday 28
Stop 1 was at VC followed by Bi-mart for plants, then our first time at Garlands on Hwy 20 on the way to Albany.  Then we went to Costco to pay the bill, buy TP, a blueberry plant, a 100ft hose for $24.  Then we had lunch at Rigobertos.  We drove down Hwy99 for the first time and checked out LBCC, the hood around there, and I went for a short walk around the backside park of the gorgeous 104 acre campus acquired in 1974.  It was a cloudy, very windy, chilly day after a gorgeous summer day ayer.
Monday 29
Weather didn't get nice to the very end of the day but we went out and had a nice walk over to the WL river walk.
Tuesday 30
It was a gorgeous sunny day.  In the early afternoon I got outside and planted the blueberry bush we bought at Costco the other day.  We found a good spot for it.  It took me awhile to nail the spot.  In the early evening we went to Home Depot to get a 25 foot hose and a nice double connector.  Came home and went for a walk around the block.  I spoke to Liz at around 8pm.
Wednesday 31
Day 2 gorgeous, wow !  Hb went out to lunch with Juliet to Bodhi and I went over to Home Depot and returned the 25ft hose and purchased a 50ft hose for the same price.  I was a bit confused in understanding that the hoses we currently have are either 75 or 100 ft hoses.  Also bought a 2nd connector for the spigot so we now have 2 connectors and an easier way to connect and disconnect the hoses.  Worked all day long.  Planted a bunch of plants and Hb cleaned out the backyard doing her annual or semi-annual rake out all of the beds.  We had a fun day.


April 2021


Thursday 01
This is where we went today.  We had a gorgeous walk out to the river from our favorite place off Smith Road.  It was another rock and roll gorgeous day.
Friday 02
Another beautiful day.  Hb and I walked over to Michael and Cheryl's and I gave him another $150 which with the match makes my contribution $225.  I already gave him $50 months ago as I was the first contribution.  Found a house on Redfin for sale at 536 SE Powell and met the owner Kristen.  Mike and Kathy might be interested in this home.  In the evening we picked up 2 plants on Ryan that a lady had just dug up.
Saturday 03
Mike and Kathy Link came over late morning and he and I went for a walk around the block.  I showed him the Tuesday market and introduced him to Cheryl.  Came back to our house and hung out for a bit more.  I planted some stuff we picked up yesterday and did some watering for the 1st time this year.  Hb and I went into the park and back up and around through Renee's.
Sunday 04
Working on google photos prior to June 1 cutoff.  We went to TJ's and the Coop in the early afternoon and a short evening walk around 5:30pm.  Happy Easter !
Monday 05
Hb and I went to Toledo today, walked around the dock and had a nice lunch at our usual spot in Toledo.  We sat in the back at the same table.  The day was perfect and it was all fun sun.  We were home by 6pm and I called Dad and checked in with him.
Tuesday 06
Pedro came over around 11am and we hung out and talked for awhile.  Towards the end Dev stopped by and she, Pedro, and I spoke.  Pedro took off and Hb hung out with Dev.  Hb went over to Dev's house and I went over to Russell's and did some more bed prep.  Came home and cooked our favorite turkey dish, we picked up some turkey the other day at TJ's.  Then I had my men's group, everyone was there today and then I cut the grass.  It was a super fantastic beautiful day once again.  The weather has been, sunny, warm and stupendous.  Doug gave us some compost he got from his friends pond that was sitting in the back of his truck.  I put it on a back yard bed and the side yard west front bed.
Wednesday 07
Massive photo deletion project all day.  Yesterday was sunny and gorgeous and today was crappy and cloudy and cold.  I am pairing down all of the photos on the amazon drive with year 2015 and going down.  2016 and forward is on apple photos, and the years prior used the digital camera my parents bought us prior to going to mexico in 2006.  Hb had a massage today with Peter Hartman for the first time since covid struck.
Thursday 08
Email to John Gutman.  Long talk with Pedro in the evening about the current topic of the day which is the vaccine and Decker Rd and John Rodger subject.  Earlier I did a walk around the block by myself and Hb went over to Dev's to hang out with Renee.  I did a small amount of work at Russell's.  Had a conversation with Barbara Glover in the morning about the black plastic garden space and an hour and half talk with Dad at 10:30pm where he did his book report to me, and then part II of a talk with him at 1pm where he went over the order and got it down.  He is ready to go for tomorrow with This is Happiness by Niall Williams. 
Friday 09
Day was lovely.  We stopped by VC and then headed up Highland and found a great place to park just past the turn off to Jackson Creek on the next street up called Brownly Heights Drive.  This is a gem for many reasons but most importantly it is the magic bullet spot to get into the forest without having to park at the high school.  Two big bonuses today.  One was the killer parking spot, and two was the magical trail into the forest.  We had a really nice hike and weather.  Afterwards we stopped by Winco for some tortillas and oats and then on to the coop for some shopping.  Dad's book report went really well and he was excited to have done a good job and also to have it over with.  He has been attending temple bnai israel mckeesport services sometime on friday evening, so all is well..
Saturday 10
Complete massive photo deletion project on Amazon, where I dramatically, to the tune of 7.1 Gig deleted photos.  Went for a walk and sat in the bus stop for about 45 minutes in the sun around 3pm.  It was chilly and then we headed over to the Tuesday market and dropped down and around back through the park.
Sunday 11
First time hanging out on the Long Tom River and Bundy Road.  Hb found a fantastic spot and we sat down on the side of the Long Tom just before it dumps into the Willamette.  We got home around 5pm and Hb went over to Dev's for pizza at 6pm.
Monday 12
Hb and I work outside on a lovely sunny warm day.  Doug got us some more azola material and we spread it everywhere we had not spread it before.  I did about 3 or 4 wheelbarrow loads.  Also dug up a giant piece of fencing material that I have known about for years but did not know the size, extent or what it really was till today.  Once I found it and figured out its size I dug the whole thing up and threw it in the field adjacent to our house next to the fence and the big old log.  Had to replant a bunch of grass.  We also did a big day of watering.  The 50ft hose is really working out well and easy to tote around.  We went for a short walk around the block and I had a nice talk with Dad in the evening.
Tuesday 13
Got more azola from the back of Doug's truck and mixed it with dirt on the side yard and hauled two loads over to Russell's.  Put most of it on the beds and a small amount on two blueberry bushes I cleaned up and removed all of the grass.  One job this year is to get all of the blueberry plants and that overall bed more of garden bed and less of the lawn.  While getting some azola I had a nice chat with Jan.  In the afternoon Dev came over for awhile and the 3 of us hung out for awhile.  In the morning I had a nice chat with Fernando Herrera about Arrow and the combination with Nushell.  He is from Mexico and lives now in London working for a Fintech.  It was another stellar day. 
Wednesday 14
Had another nice talk with Fernando about Arrow and Nushell.  In the afternoon Miko came by at 1:30pm and we hung out at the house for awhile and then did a walk around the park.  I was excited and spoke about the stock market the whole time.  Did some work at Russell's.  I am digging up the grass around the blueberry bushes and putting down dirt that I am getting from Doug's compost and some of my dirt pile on the side yard.  Then Hb and I went for a big walk.  At the river we saw Hb's friend who is the spiritual lady / teacher / yoga instructor who lives in WL.  On the way home we met Aerol and his daughter Eila who grew up in Placitas and whose Mom lives across the street from the Pres Church.  We had a nice talk he lives on the SE corner of Goodpark and Park.
Thursday 15
Dev came over early to hang out with Hb and look for a dress for her son's wedding in Sep.  They went downtown and I worked outside cleaning up blackberry's in the grape arbor.  I also cleaned up the gate area at the fence.  It was another wonderful day outside.
Friday 16
Did not have a real good night sleep last night but I woke up feeling good.  Had my cereal early and was out of the house by about 9am and parked at the hotel and walked over to the stadium for number two.  Afterwards I saw Otmar at the coop and we had a long talk about life and the vaccine.  Hb and I went for a nice walk down to the river and on the way back saw Byron and his wife who are moving out to the coast and will live across from Seal Rock.  We hung out with Patrick in Bell Park for awhile as he was doing some weed whacking.  It was another gorgeous day; and summer is in full bloom for the moment.  This is unusual weather for this time of year, but I will take it.  I feel good to have the vaccine behind me and so far nothing major is going on to ruin my day.
Saturday 17
First Saturday at the Farmer's market and it was gorgeous !  We got there around noon and had a very nice time.  Hb got a big ol fat burrito and we sat on the river near the park and the farmer's market and ate it.  Afterwards we went to Bodhi for a cookie and walked around a bit and then went to Grocery Depot which is closing down in Corvallis, today was the last day.  We learned the owners names are Lauren and Michael; they will keep the Albany store open.  It was over 80 degrees today, an amazing streak of amazing weather.
Sunday 18
The day started out with Pedro and Mike Link coming over and hanging out with us in the late morning.  We discussed the Machado poem La Noria and then walked over to the old haunted house on Thompson.  Mike and Kathy are in the market for buying a new home.  They moved to Corvallis on March 1 and moved into Pedro's rental on 17th.  Hb and I had lunch and went over to Avery Park and walked around.  We came back and stopped off at the Coop and I bought some peas and sprouts.  Hb made salmon and we had a yummy dinner.  I had a good talk with Dad and then we went for a walk around the block.  We saw Cecilia in front of her house and I went home and brought her a small jar of Borax for her ant problem.  By then it was dark.  It was over 80 again today and we had a heavenly day.
Monday 19
Got more material from Doug, he went and picked up another load of compost from the pond at his friends house.  I took 2 more loads over to Russel's and fixed up 2 more blueberry plants.  The mower quit driving so I took it in for repair.  We bought the mower in March of 2015 and it was our first time taking it into the shop.  [Post edit] The drive belt over six years stretches and eventually wears out and falls off the track and that is what happened with my mower.
Tuesday 20
Great men's group meeting as per usual; one of the best things I have done in the past year.  Also had an Oddfellow meeting on Zoom.  Earlier Bob let me borrow his electric mower which he recently purchased and I determined that the electric mower was not the right tool for the job.  Mainly because of the side yard and the "farm field" nature of the mowing.  If it was just our front and back yard we would be cool with the electric mower, but it was great to learn that today.  Stay tuned on the mower situation.  Earlier in the day we went for a walk over to WL and met the famous birder guy whose name is Duncan.  He is originally from England but lived most recently in Malheur National Wildlife Refuge.  He is a very interesting character.
Wednesday 21
At just past 8am Jon from the Honda Lawn Mower store answered the phone and I was there and back with a new lawn mower in one hour.  Hb and I went for a walk in the afternoon and we met Bridget, mother of Eila, wife of Aerol from NM who lives on the corner of Park and Goodpark.  She was born in 1986 and went to UNM where she studied Biology.
Thursday 22
Hb went to go get her haircut at 11am.  I went to Russell's in the early afternoon and spoke to Sawyer who was cutting the grass.  I finished up the blueberry bed project.  I converted all of the blueberry bushes into another garden bed and got two more loads of doug's azolla.
Friday 23
Day started out trying to contact Liz in NM.  She was not around so I was writing an email to E for her bday today about La Noria by Machado and Pedro called me. We had a long talk (per usual). Mike Link is in the process of trying to purchase a house on Bell across the street from Kathy Miller.  I got an email from wfc regarding a transfer issue I was having so we had some lunch and Hb and I went downtown. I had a long talk with Robyn in the bank and then Hb and I had lunch at Bodhi. We stopped by the COOP and came home. Along the way at the youth garden they were giving away free plants so we got 2 tomatoes and a yarrow plant. After an early dinner I went outside and planted everything. We are having a beautiful spring time and have lots of soil which we need for everything. Doug dropped the remaining load of azola next to Bob's pile of pebbles he uses to fix the potholes on our street.
Saturday 24
After an incredible streak of good weather for April it rained all day for the first time in weeks.  We did however get in a great walk with Mark who we ran into on Crystal Lake.  Just before our walk we stopped by the house across the street from Kathy Miller that Mike and Kathy Link may purchase.  As of this writing the house is up to $410k from $375k in two days.  Oh brother.
Sunday 25
At the end of the day we watched a movie about the life of James Brown, quite a story about life and the man who had a pretty rough life overall.  We started out the day with a meeting with Mike and Kathy and Pedro at noon about possibly purchasing a home on Bell.  Hb and I went shopping afterwards, came home and cooked dinner and then went for a walk around the block.
Monday 26
Had a long talk today with Gabriel Booth and Eli Scavron.  Both are doing well.  Eli contacted me and within one hour we were talking on Skype.
Tuesday 27
Long talk with John Zeuli about Bitcoin. He turned me on to grayscale as a vehicle for investing in bitcoin. Hb and I went for a nice walk up around David Mayfield's house. Starting to explore up into the hills on Garfield. We hit the coop for the bathroom, then more walking then swung by TJ's on the way home. Hb bought 5 more cans of Tuna. We like Tuna. After dinner we went for a walk and ran into Phoenix, Naj, and Mayan. Mayan just bought a house out in Philomath and he and Susan his girlfriend will be moving in there real soon. They had the moving truck in their driveway this evening. Thyme garden is a no go this year, as we saw Jackie out in front of Naj's house. Mayan's Dad died at age 60 when Mayan was 21.
Wednesday 28
No clue what I did yesterday.  But I think we went for a nice walk and hung out on the bench down on the river at WL.  Our new favorite spot.  I had a nice talk with Dad in the evening...
Thursday 29
Got the call this morning and headed out and picked up my used mower.  They replaced the drive belt which after six years of wear and tear just stretches and eventually falls off, which this one did.  The repair was just shy of $90 bucks, and I was happy to walk out the door for under 100.  I love my new mower, wow !
Rock and roll, spending money and getting a killer product is worth its weight in gold.  So this is what money is for : to enjoy it. and buy stuff that enrichens your life in many different ways.  Hb and I went over to Avery park and hung out at the river and then we swung by the coop and then came home.
Friday 30
Hb went to Salem with Dev and Gloria for Gloria's eye apt.  I cleaned out the trunk of my car early in the morning as today is trash day.  Dick, our neighbor came by in his car and went on a rant, along with the fact that Molly, their dog,  died this morning too.  I sent Brynn a note in the evening.   David Mayfield and I had a nice time together.  He arrived at 1pm and we sat outside on the lawn for awhile and then went on a walk over to the park and sat on the bench down by the river in WL.  Its my new favorite hang out spot, and he enjoyed it too...  He is a good guy.  He gave me a hug as he departed my house.  Clearly he has loosened up about Covid now that we are both shot up.


May 2021


Saturday 01
Farmer's market on a cloudy day.  But it was nice.  We met Ethan's partner Joey who was selling his honey.  Late in the day we went for a walk over to Naj's.  They were digging up adjacent to the camas.  I went in her house for a minute to help her with a web site issue.  No problemo.  It was a good day, and chilly, almost like winter in contrast to the recent gorgeous weather.
Sunday 02
Fairly mellow day.  Dev, Ildi and Hb went down to Monroe to a big barn to buy some nice used woman's clothing.  I stayed home and got turned on to Miguel Delibes and his Los Santos inocentes.  I also helped @elfer w/ his PR on dataframes.  In the early afternoon I did some digging in the round hill east of the driveway.  In the evening Steve and I had a long talk about our usual stuff about life including a solution which entails a massive scaling down of humans.  Hb and I then went for a walk around the block at 8pm.  We went to the coop in the afternoon after Hb returned and got some gas as well for the trip down to Eugene in the morning.  Dev and Bill stopped by for awhile to say goodbye to Hb again and Bill told me more about his life history along with picking up his black water bottle that he left in the car earlier in the day.
Monday 03
Up at 5:30am.  Left the house at 7:30am.  Back by 9:30am.  We took a short break in the Safeway parking lot and Hb "unloaded" some extra clothes as her suitcase was way too full.  It was a lovely morning, no rain and chilly.  Got home and Phoenix was at my front door step in less than one hour.  He did waste any time in coming over.  We hung for a bit.  I did some work and took a long nap and Michele called me around 3pm; she had just arrive into Abq and she detailed the saga of her day.  Immediately after speaking with her within 15 minutes or less Phoenix showed back up at my house.  We went for a walk over to the park and played some frisbee.  I swung back around to his house, briefly spoke to Cheryl who had an AirBnb guy outside who she was speaking with and then saw Naj and spoke to her briefly.  I came home and Hb told me about her meal at the range with the family including Rosy.  Then I called and spoke with Dad for awhile.  He is reading a new book called Behold the Dreamers by Imbolo Mbue.
Tuesday 04
Up at around 6am, car battery was dead so I took Hb's car to the dentist.  Jenny did a great job as per usual.  Afterward I hit TJ's and wfc and then went home.  The day was a whirl wind of activity and before I knew it the men's group was upon me.  Jaffer was down in SanFran so it was just the 3 of us.  The Tuesday market was peaceful and uneventful but I had fun.  Everyone wanted to know where Hb was.  Jt asked me to make up a list of engine-p commands this evening on Discord.
Wednesday 05
Started out the day talking to Hb then had a quick breakfast and went downtown to the Firestone dealership to get a new battery.  My battery was dead according to their test and I jumped my battery at home just prior to driving the car downtown.  Afterwards I came home and after lunch went for a walk in the park.  It was a stunningly beautiful day.  On the way I spoke to Kathy Miller who has not been in town for months.  She was giving vaccines in Salem and taking care of Will who fell off a ladder.  On the way home I stopped off at Jorge and Katherine's house as Mark was there tambien.  Came home and did the birthday song for Iris who was 58 today.  E was on the call but we did not see her face.  What a life.  I spoke to Dad afterwards and then scooped up the remainder of the azole compost outside that was the remainder of the pile that was left for Steve that came out of Doug's truck.
Thursday 06
Went to the bottle return store and traded in 73 cans and then onto VC for some cereal items and dates.  Cut the grass and then went for a walk around the block.  I talked to Ken for awhile outside his house and checked in with Joe who was sitting on her chair and she will have tomatillos for sale this year like always.
Friday 07
Worked outside early afternoon getting dirt compost piles ready for my cucumber starts along with planting our first 2 tomato plants in the garden hill.  Phoenix and Naj stopped by in their van and hauled me down to Herbert open space for a walk around the circle.  It was a lovely day.  I was in shorts and 2 t-shirts with my long sleeve shirt around my neck.  Came home and Mindy and Junper were at my door so I went and got some yummy Indian food from Mindy.  Then Patrick and Juniper stopped by and we hung out for awhile.  Juniper is getting so big, she will be 6 in September.
Saturday 08
Farmer's market followed by a picking up a free candy bar at VC.  I had a long talk with Elias today of Rainshine.  He and I had not spoken since last summer.  We talked about the V word.  Came home and hung inside till about 6pm then went outside and got my dirt prepped and got 8 pots up and running with 2 seeds each of cucumbers.  Way to go.
Sunday 09
Did some cooking in the morning.  In the afternoon Ken came over and we went for a walk around the park and then had a nice dinner here at the house.  Early in the day Pedro stopped by and I helped him pick up a free carpet he will use for his outside side yard.
Monday 10
Pedro picked me up at 10:45 and we went over to Mike and Kathy's to do some trimming, and just started to have some tea when they had to run off and look at a potential house to buy.  Pedro and I hung out here and Phoenix came over as well.  Pedro left and Phoenix and I walked back to his house.  I came home and had some food and did some watering outside and talked to Dad.
Tuesday 11
Great hike with David Mayfield up on Decker Ridge.  Nice hit at the Tuesday farmer's market; it was a good one, better than last week.  I had a long talk with a friend of Cheryl's whose parents were (probably) Jewish and were German and were in the concentration camps in Germany; and they sent a letter to Hitler's sister etc...
Wednesday 12
I was at Pedro's house at 10am and we did the water filters and they we came over here and did the same thing.  So we are good for another two years.  Note on water filter.  We did the pre and post filter only.  The last time we changed the filters was exactly two years ago when we did all three filters.  So in two more years we will change all three filters again.  After Peter left, my new friend Dean stopped by.  He was walking by the house and I met him a few weeks back.  He lives on Richland, grew up on Riverside Road on the way to Albany and has been in southtown since 1972 on Richland.  In the younger days he was a race car driver, and is having someone restore an Alfa Romeo sportscar.  He is also a photographer, and has a large machine shop in his back yard which he is really into.  In the evening I went for a walk into the park, back up through Renee's and did some work at Russell's.
Thursday 13
In the afternoon I went to get some gas, TJ's and the coop.  Afterwards I spoke to Sharon who is in Beatty, Utah.  In the evening for the 2nd night in a row I walked through the park and back up through renee's / michael / cheryl's.  Tonight I was going to do some work at Russell's but instead I went home and repotted some tomato plants.
Friday 14
In the afternoon I had a long talk with Steve Taylor's friend Wolf Wagman in front of Steve's house and then went over to Patrick and Mindy's and talked to them for hours.  Then I did a quick walk around the block and did not get home till about 8pm.  I have no long I talked to everyone but I must have been gone for at least 2 or 3 hours.  I love life !
Saturday 15
Great day at the Farmer's market.  Had a long talk with Sonny who changed her name to Kade.  Ken reminded who that was he was talking to; masks make it challenging.  She grew up and gained some weight but still the same Sonny.  Also, had a long talk with Alison who lives out in Lobster Valley and I bought 2 six packs of eggplant starts; so I got 12 for $12.  It was a good market.  Came home and talked to Mindy and Patrick and told them about Gloria being a possible nanny for their trip in August down the Snake or Salmon river.  Phoenix stopped by for a bit and I did a walk around the short loop of WL.  It was another gorgeous day in Paradise.  Its been a good stop while Michele has been gone.  It will be 2 weeks on Monday the 17th.  She left on the 3rd and is due back on Wed the 19th.
Sunday 16
Another big day, its been one heck of a vacation.  At 10am Mike, Kathy, and Pedro came over.  They went for a bike ride through downtown over to OSU and Kathy and I did a tour of southtown.  I took her through Coho, the Tuesday market, down to Renee's and around on Crystal Lake over to the park entrance at the top of the steps.  Tulsi was in her stroller and we had a nice time.  Afterwards we all hung out at our house till about 1 - 2pm and then I went over and bought some gas for the mower.  Came home, had some lunch and mowed the grass.  Spoke to Hb who is having a great time in Denver and then I went for a walk around the block.  A good sunny warm day in the low 80's was had by all.
Monday 17
Long talk with Jim Sigman today.  He is thinking of calling it quits from zm once his options vest at the end of July.  He will have been there 4 years.
Tuesday 18
I went for a walk early in the afternoon.  Ran into Mark and we walked through Renee's and then hung out with Michael for awhile.  He had some old iron that Mark was interested in retrieving.  Came home, cooked my dinner, and the men's group was short as only Jonathan showed up and so we only met for 10 minutes.  The Tuesday market was nice.  I spoke to Becca who I had never met before.  Also Dhara and Anna were there.  Came home and did the Odd Fellows Meeting briefly.  I had a nice talk with Jeff Mankoff this morning.
Wednesday 19
Kind of a cloudy rainy day.  I cleaned the house today, washed my clothes and sheets and vacuumed the whole house in anticipation of Hb coming home.  At 4:15pm I left for Eugene, stopped in Junction City at 4:50pm for gas and was at the cellphone parking lot just in time to see Hb's plane fly overhead me and land.  Flying into Eugene is a gold mine of a win.  Our first number of years we used to go up to Portland but no longer.  We were back home by 6:30pm, had dinner and went for a short walk around the block.  Hb had a great trip, and was in Abq from Monday May 3 until last Thursday and then Denver until she left at 3:45pm.  She had a great trip.
Thursday 20
Mellow day at home.  Mostly rainy in the morning and early afternoon.  Then we went for a walk around the park as the weather cleared and got sunny.  I spoke to Dad in the evening.  He and Iris went out to the cemetery.
Friday 21
Shopping at TJ's and the coop.  Also went to OfficeMax to get a form and fax it to KP for Hb regarding her eye appt next week.  In the afternoon we had a nice meal and then I started digging in the back bed next to the slab in the corner.  I loaded a bunch more dirt in there in prep for some plants going in there in the next number of days.
Saturday 22
We saw Dev and Bill at the Farmer's market.  Afterwards I took Hb over to her drumming circle at the big tree at the park.  Afterwards I went to pick her up and had a long talk with Bob (and Peggy) about crypto.  Saw Anya tambien.  Afterwards Mark and Joey were walking by so we talked with them for a long while.  Went home, ate dinner, and I did more digging in the back yard for our plant which Dev and Bill brought by today.
Sunday 23
Great talk with Sima around lunch time.  She is back in Abq for a week and the last time she was there is when we were there Christmas 2019.  Her boyfriend Brad is doing well too.  He was in Abq for a few days with Sima.  They drove from LA to Abq, and then he flew back and Sima will go back home in a week through Phoenix.  They enjoyed their short time in Flagstaff tambien.  Rand was on the phone at the beginning when we were talking and I politely asked Rand to "get off the phone".  Hb and I had a nice salmon dinner.  I am much more into salmon from TJ's now, along with our ground turkey it is our goto staple meal.  We worked outside the rest of the day and I planted all my remaining starts in the backyard garden bed including 12 eggplants, 4 tomatoes, and 3 summer squash.  Oh boy !
Monday 24
Went for a walk at dusk.  It rained all day.  This is great news !  We have not had a day where it rained all day like this in a LONG time.  Not since before Hb went away and then some.  So we were very lucky to have a rainy day.  I went out for a walk in the rain; it wasn't raining too much though.  We had turkey for dinner and are continuing to harvest our scapes.  Luckily we planted all of our plants and starts yesterday so everything is in the ground, this is good news for those little tiny plants :)
Tuesday 25
It was a cold chilly windy day after a beautiful hard rain in the morning.  Mahogany at the Tuesday market said he has lived at EarthRising for 32 years moving there in 1989 and this is the least amount of rain he has ever seen in the time frame of March, April and May.  That solidifies my observation of a very dry spring and Luke Beene saying he had to water in April.  I told Tal I had a dream about him last night.  Their son is moving to Las Cruces to go to Medical Schoold; in the past he studied at St. John's in Santa Fe so that explains his connection with NM.  After the market Hb and I walked into the park.  Cheryl gave us seeds today in celebration of getting the Farmstand building permit and reaching their goal of 15k.
Wednesday 26
Big day.  Up at 5:30am, by the alarm which works on the iphone.  Made the cereal for both of us and was out the door by 7:15am.  It was a perfect warm sunny day ! Gorgeous in the low 70's.  First stop KP.  I did a big walk around the park from Lancaster.  Then we learned alot from KP.  Filled out some forms, found out no Health Care Power of Attorney; but we can speak for each other etc...  Also, KP does not pay any medical bills or visits outside their system unless you go to the emergency room.  Then we had a nice lunch in Stayton and had a long talk with the owner David.  He started the mexican taco stand more recently.  Then we headed over to Tim's for a few hours and sat outside and had a really nice afternoon with him.  Then we headed over to Costco and bought dental floss and our favorite cashew blend.  organic cashews with no salt or roasted for $16.99, yummy.  Came home and had a nice talk with dad.  He went to a talk on Kenya and Tim told us he is now interested in Botswana.  Interesting...
Thursday 27
Sharon called mid afternoon from Blythe and we chatted for awhile.  She drove from ShowLow through Globe and Phoenix out to Blythe.  I learned from Paul, our neighbore late in the afternoon that Gary; the guy who lives behind us died.  When I saw the dumpster in front of his house at the end of last week I knew something weird was up.  Today I found out why.  He said the daughters showed up in a Tesla and cleaned the whole house out.  The dumpster was full with stuff from his house, Wow !  Also spoke to Nick Booth today, not good.  He is dealing with some major issues surrounding them moving to Dallas etc; and it appears some issues with his current spot / house with his girlfriend.  Hb and I went for a walk around the park, and I came home and spoke to Ken V for awhile about electric cars and batteries.
Friday 28
Today I met Morgen Donovan who is Gary Springer's daughter. Gary died a few days back and was our neighbor behind us.  Ildi's birthday party down on the lower land.  Jaffer was there, Rich Rordan, Tim Dehne, Terri, and the whole gang.  Gorgeous evening, never cooled off down there; Dev made some yummy brownies.  Observation, covid is starting to wane down.  I am happy to report.  Corvallis cases hit 3000 on 5/13 and we are still under 100 cases for the whole time since then.  Times they are improving...
Saturday 29
Farmer's market.  Coop.  Mellow afternoon trying to finish up google photos before june 1 deadline.  fun journey.  Had a nice long talk with David Friedman lasting over 2 hours.  Hb and I walked to the end of the street at 9pm.  Another gorgeous evening.  Last night at Renee's was beautiful too.
Sunday 30
Great day in Eugene.  Left the house at 10:30am and rode down old river road across to harrisburg and south on coburg road to coburg and got on i5s to the sundance exit.  we had a nice lunch at Ta Rin Thai but we stopped at the sundance first for some snacks.  afterwards we went over to the public market.  they fixed it up by adding 2 new huge condo buildings and tons of new parking.  came home through junction city for gas at just around 3 bucks and then hung out in harrisburg for awhile on the river.  it was a gorgeous sunny memorial day weekend with no clouds in the sky and a low 80 degrees.  summer is officially upon us.
Monday 31
Mike Link and Pedro came over around 11am to hang out.  They were here till about 2:30pm.  Then Hb and I went over to TJ's.  It was empty and quiet.  Came home and had hot dogs for dinner along with scapes.  In the evening I planted the 2 tomato plants I got yesterday at the community garden downtown.  Had a long talk with Andrew and Jessica Parker about our garden.  Andrew is an undergrad and Jessica is an English major in grad school.


June 2021


Tuesday 01
Went to the Xfinity store in the morning along with VC.  It was over 90 degrees today; and we hit the Tuesday market after 6pm.  I had an hour long talk with a very nice lady in India who helped me diagnose my wireless streaming box issue.
Wednesday 02
The comcast saga appears to be over.  We went back today to the comcast office and got the earlier model / old technology streaming box and it works like a charm.  We stopped by TJ's for some stuff for my hike tomorrow with David along with a stop at the coop for some peas.  Its another scorcher in Corvallis, but soon it will cool off.  We love the climate here, and my favorite time of year is NOW.  We started watching the Halston Miniseries on Netflix to test our new streaming box and Hb likes the show.
Thursday 03
At 10am I was at David Mayfields house.  I had a nice chat with Lottie and then we headed over to Woods Creek Road trailhead for a hike up the hill where we had a nice lunch.  Back to his house by 3:30pm then a quick stop at VC.  In the evening Hb and I ran into some folks in the next to the last house on Bell and we went into their backyard as they were having a small sale of their goods.
Friday 04
Hb and I went for a walk up at Decker Road trail.  It was a lovely day.  We walked straight instead of turning left and ended up at the same place.  A very nice walk.  Saw Mindy in the evening; their dog Buddy died at 8 months of pneumonia; a short sweet life.
Saturday 05
Farmer's market, the weather shifted today from HOT to cool, cloudy in the 60's.  The afternoon was sunny, windy and cool.  Doug rode by on his bike and I talked to him for awhile.  He has 7 siblings in his family; Doug is the 2nd batch of 3 kids, after his father got divorced.  They grew up in Boston but his Dad is from Florida; born and raised.  We went for a nice walk with Karen Mayo and then she gave us a tour of her garden and we exited in her back yard.  She showed us foxglove / digitalis and marjoram which looks like oregano; its in the same family.
Sunday 06
At 10:15am pedro picked us up and took us over to Mike and Kathy's house for a nice couple hour session of talking and tea.  It was Hb's first time over to there house and my 2nd time.  We had fun.  Afterwards we went to Common Fields for lunch for the first time.  Pedro and hb had lunch and I hung out.  Afterwards Patrick and I for the first time went into Gary Springer's home and went in through the back bottom sliding glass door that was open.  Joan told us the other day that the house was open.  I hung out with Patrick for awhile and then we went over to Mindy's and talked to her for a bit.  She got the summer job up in Wa. at the summer camp with the kids.  I did a rec for her a few weeks back.  In the evening I had a long talk with Steve whose dog died a few days back, Romeo was a good little weiner dog.  Buddy died tambien at 8 months, Patrick and Mindy's dog, and our neighbor Gary Springer died all in the past number of weeks.
Monday 07
Had a nice talk with Mindy this evening about Gary's house behind us.  She and Patrick might possibly be interested in moving forward on it.  I am no longer interested (at all).  Previously I was considering it in my mind; but I am 100% clear it is not the way forward for me personally and Hb agrees.
Tuesday 08
Lots going on today.  Had a nice talk with Jason, he will living in Dallas close by where Uccel was and not far from my old house just south of Highland Park.  Talked to Joan before going to Tuesday market and gave her Morgen's phone number.  She will call her and find out what is going on with the house.  Tuesday market was nice, short and sweet.  Ken got to go rock climbing with Miller and Kathy the other day.  Ken said it had been around 5 years since he saw him last.  It rained big time this afternoon for about one hour, a huge blessing.
Wednesday 09
Up relatively early and was out the door over to Russell's; lots of garden work in prep for wood chips that arrived a few hours later.  Playground chips are now $40 bucks a yard, oh my gosh.  Any way did tons of work; brought a wheel barrow load of radish greens and seeds back; spoke to Paul our neighbor about checking out the house behind us by going inside; and spoke to Jessica and Andrew about their summer plans and doing some watering in their small front yard.  They are very cool.  At 4pm we went down to Earth Rising.  The last time we were there was in the autumn for the farm party; it was a small group of people last autumn and it was a small group of people this evening.  Crystal, Riah, Bob and one or two others.  Every time I go there it is like going to an epiphany spot; a dream, or a good movie and when you exit you want that peace to last forever.  Earth Rising is a very special spot on Planet Earth; there are few spots in my life that fit into this category; very few...  It was a perfect evening; we started it out at Lee's house and hanging with him.  Then at Dinner I had a long talk with Michael and Joah.  We got home at about 9:30pm and it was still light; having left just before 9pm.  Magical, majestic, coming home from mecca.
Thursday 10
More work at Russell's in the evening on the wood chip project renewal of garden space.
Friday 11
Russell gave me the go ahead for having garden space from the west path over to the blueberries.  We are preparing for wood chips which we got the other day.  I worked in the rain in the evening and it was not even chilly.  Earlier we walked over to WL and saw Mike and Kathy's house for the first time.  It was another cloudy rainy day, but the rains really held off till the evening when I started working at Russell's.
Saturday 12
I had 2 long talks today.  One with Nick Secor and two with Brian Wehrung.  Lisa's father died in Abq a few weeks back, he was 90 years old and died from stage 4 pancreatic cancer with a 40 year old will.  We went to the Farmer's market early in the day and met Chris with long gray hair on a bike who knew a lot about the homeless situation and drug addiction and needle exchanges.  Hb gave Mushroom's daughter Dylana a nice fancy shirt and in return we got a nice basil plant.  It was sunny at the market and by the end of the day we got lots of rain.  In the evening we watched a 1996 Barbara Streisand movie with Jeff Bridges called The Mirror Has Two Faces.
Sunday 13
It rained all day until about 6pm.  We went for a nice walk over to WL this morning in the mist.  And another walk at dusk.  Lovely.
Monday 14
I spoke to Eli in the afternoon and then Hb and wood chipped Russell's garden together.  Eli is 26 years old and has still not found his first job after about 3 or 4 years.  His folks are starting to tell him to move out of the house (now).
Tuesday 15
Long talk with Liz early in the morning.  She is in Santa Fe at the Coho on West Alameda.  She has hooked up with Dave and he is giving her dance lessons.  She is going to Israel in a few weeks and bought a house in Pasadena for 725k.  Sarah called with a tree limb in the backyard in Abq.  So I called around today and got a bid for 100 bucks less than our original bid.  Tuesday market was nice with some drumming at Phoenix's and hang at the market and then a walk around the park and then did some weeding in the front yard with Hb and pulling out some of the dead artichoke leaves.  We worked till about 9:30pm which is about as late as it gets for doing work outside.  We are in the heart of summer at the moment and with the rains the other day we are real happy to have this moment at this time in the summer.
Wednesday 16
Worked in Russell's garden in the afternoon, hauled back a load of horse manure from the pile on Marion and finally planted all of my cucumber starts.  I was curious when I got the starts going and it was May 8.  So its been about a week too long, but I got them in.  Some of them were root bound.  So for next year the timing was perfect, just put them in the ground 1 month after starting.  This time I waited for the weather to change as I knew it was going to rain alot this weekend and so I waited for the hot weather to arrive.  Way to go and get them in the ground !  Hb and I went for a walk around the park in the evening.
Thursday 17
Hb and I went to McDonald Forest today and walked our favorite trail at Peavy.  We love that hike, the day was a perfect summer day.  Gorgeous !  We sat on the bench at the big ol tree for a long time and Hb took a nap with her head on my lap and I was at the end of the bench.  Afterwards we stopped at TJ's and then on the way home spoke to Renee as she was walking up Ryan.  We ate dinner real late like 8pm, a record for us.
Friday 18
Up real early, I was at Russell's by 8:30am.  Working more on the blueberries.  Got a bed around the east side pretty much dug.  Major front yard watering.  Met Tom Hunt's sister Anne Hunt White who was Andy's best friend at Solebury.  Hb and I went for a long walk down to the river and actually sat on a log in the river soaking our feet for awhile.  Then we hooked up with Mark at Mark's park and hung with him and Bonnie for awhile who is from Arlie.  Then we walked home with Mark.  We had plant based sausage for the first time along with tamales.  I talked to Dad and watered more of the front yard in the evening.
Saturday 19
Farmer's market was nice, and less crowded than last week.  I worked a little bit at Russell's in the evening and then Hb and I walked over to the cemetery.  It was a gorgeous evening, not too hot.  The cherries at Kathy Miller's house are now done.  We had a good run of cherries for about one week.  Its amazing how quickly they go bad.  They were dark and the juice and cherry was past due.  More cherries next year !  Juneteenth is now a federal holiday for the first time and the first National Holiday since 1983 for MLK Day.  Biden signed it into officaldom a few days back.
Sunday 20
I got up early, went over to Russell's and finished the wood chip project on the east side of the blueberry bed and I was back home and sitting in front of my computer before 7am.  Now that is what it means in life to have a focus and get the job done.  Later in the morning Hb and I went over to Rion Pollack's house, parked, and walked up to Franklin Park; then on to Fred Meyers, and back through the hood.  On the way home we stopped at TJ's and VC to get some potluck items for tomorrow evening at Kathleen and Scott's house.  In the afternoon I cut the grass, probably for the last time.  Spoke to Dad for Father's day tambien.  Hb and I went for a very short walk in the evening.  It was a long day, but we had fun.
Monday 21
Up early and worked at Russell's in the morning.  I got my garden bed tidied up after yesterday's completion of the wood chip line just east of the blueberries.  Came home and did some watering and Hb cleaned out the garage.  At 6pm we went to Scott and Kathleen's solstice party.  It was a beautiful warm evening and by the time we came home it was chilly.  We met new neighbors of theirs Jonathan and Amy.  They hail from Utah and moved here back in November.  I ate a bunch of brownies, chocolate chip cookies and some chips and dip; luckily I had eaten a small meal prior to our departure so I didn't finish off the food table on my own.  We brought back home our carrots which we didn't eat.
Tuesday 22
At 8am I had a nice talk with Iris.  I walked down to the park and gave her a call, walked around for awhile down there and then swung back into our hood.  We spoke for about 90 minutes.  In the evening we went to the Tuesday market and did some drumming, talked to Valerie about making me a bread, realized that Hb had already known Anne Hunt White from Skye's healing circle.  We walked into the park.  Sole gave us a free amaranth plant for our garden.  Lovely...
Wednesday 23
Major watering in the morning.  In the evening we went for a walk over to Lincoln school.  It was not too hot today, but the forecast for the next number of days appears to be brutal.
Thursday 24
Johng is in town so in the evening Hb and I went over to Renee's house and hung out for the evening overlooking the hill and hanging out with Johng and Renee.  It was a beautiful warm night in Oregon and we had fun being with them.  It was our first time with John since he returned home from Tucson a few weeks back and has been living out on the coast with his girlfriend Janet in Nehalem.
Friday 25
Getting ready for a really hot weekend.  Hb and I went to OfficeDepot to do some printing and then she hit her hair care product store where the line was pretty long so I did 3 laps around the building.  I found someone who I gave $20 (twentystorm).  The keyword for this project is now officially twentystorm. This project starts today, and we will kick it off with a one thousand dollar target for each year.  Hung out with Will Werner and Tina at the LaSells.  It was the 1st real opening since Covid hit, it was the ag paintings - very nice !  We went to Home Depot afterwards to return the water connectors to the outside fawcett, then were leaking and I had one day left until my 90 days were up at Home Depot.  It was 90 degrees at 8pm. 
Saturday 26
It has never been this hot here in recorded history and we are here.  We went to the Farmer's market in the morning and we got there right around noon and we learned that they were shutting down an hour early because of the intense heat.  We hung out at the water fountain for awhile and watched the little kids play and then headed home.  In the evening we walked down to the park and hung out on the frisbee gold course just south of Luke Beene's farm.  There is a nice bench there and we have not hung out at that spot for along time.
Sunday 27
It broke all records and I saw the temp hit 112 on one website.  It was a brutal day from that respect.  I watered early and worked most of the day.  At 9pm it was 103 degrees, unbelievable is all I can say.
Monday 28
At 7am Hb and I went for a walk around the park.  Along the way we ran into Linda and spoke to her a bit and then on the way home we stopped by Will's house and hung out with him and Michael for awhile who was picking the last round of cherries.  We were going to go to the baseball game in the evening with Will but major winds blew in mid afternoon to blow out the hot air that was trapped in a high pressure system for the last couple of days.
Tuesday 29
David Kleiman's 60th birthday.  Hb and I watered everything this morning after the past couple of scorching days.  Spoke to Steve for awhile and he turned me on to Nasturtium, which I had really never heard of. 
Wednesday 30
Up at around 6am, breakfast before 8am, and left the house before 9am to go to Eugene to visit with Berk and Jane who were in Oregon for a few days.  We met them at 5th street market and by coincidence they were staying there too.  So it worked out for everyone.  We spent a few hours with Berk and Jane showed up for about one hour.  Afterwards I went over to Capella's market for lunch and then we drove home.  We stopped off in Harrisburg for a few minutes and took in the river at one of our favorite spots.  In the evening it was chilly outside and Hb and I went for a walk around the block.  A major contrast to the other day when it was an oven.  Oregon has some nice weather, most of the time.  Part I is done, and tomorrow part II of chapter 21 will begin.


July 2021


Thursday 01
We had fun with Berk yesterday.  Started the day off dealing with the Centurylink paper work.  Drove downtown and dropped off the forms at the PO and then went over to the COOP.  It was our first day of July and I walked into the coop and did NOT have to wear a mask.  This is a good new day.  I also met John's wife Robin who lives behind us as they were walking down the street.  This afternoon Johngi came over and we hung out and then Phoenix stopped by tambien.  Hb and I watered for Jessica and Andrew for the first time this evening and went for a walk around the block.  The temps and weather is perfect and sitting in the back yard this afternoon with Johngi and Phoenix was comfortable and possibly a bit on the cool side but it was great.
Friday 02
I texted Morgen today, who is Gary Springer's daughter and just did a check in with her.  I met her on Friday May 28, and Gary died around the same time as Diana which was May 21.  I had been thinking about contacting her for awhile and so today was the day.  Plus I did some due diligence for Mindy in my mind as well.  Plus I would like to know what she is thinking in terms of a price moving forward so I did my part which is all I can do.  Now you can let it go and let the universe guide us moving forward.  We can not control life, even though sometimes we want to :)
I did a bunch of watering this morning then went over to Russell's and dug up some milk thistle.  In the evening we walked by Russell's and I learned that we should extend the garden bed to the edge of where the blueberries go; so I have more work to do.  The temps tonight were lovely and we were happy.
Saturday 03
Glorious morning for the Farmer's market followed by a hang out at the kids fountain.  We stayed there till the water came on at 1:30pm.   We had a nice time for the 4th of July weekend.  In the evening we walked down to the river and ran into Dhara Rose who we talked to for a long time.  We talked about her camping trip a few weeks back to the beach by herself.  Her birthday is 5 days before Phoenix and 1 day prior to Renee's on Feb 24, 1960.
Sunday 04
Major round two of garlic harvest.  I harvested about 20 plants a week or two ago but today was the first big harvest of the year.  Garlic usually gets harvested right around July 4th and today being the 4th was the day.  I did it in the evening starting around 6pm and did about 1/3 to 1/2 of the driveway garlic bed.  Earlier in the day we went to TJ's for some watermelon and other things and some humus for Russell's surprise birthday party tomorrow evening.  There was no one out, and TJ's was empty and the roads were clear.  Corvallis is not a tourist spot or destination so on these holiday weekends, especially in the summer no one is around.
Monday 05
Russell's surprise birthday party at Natalie's on Chintimini.  Earlier in the day in the morning I did some more digging at Russell's finishing off the wood chip bed east of the blueberries.  I had gone about 3/4 of the way and Russell pointed out to me the other day that I should go all the way to where the last blueberry bush is located so there is about a 2 foot extension that needs to be dug, cleaned and cleared out and then cardboard and woodchips. 
Tuesday 06
Day 3 of major garlic harvest and begin processing stuff from a week ago on day 1.  Tuesday market and walk around the park.  It cooled off and we stopped by Patrick's to get instructions on the chickens.  He is going up to Wa. to be with Mindy and the kids at summer camp.
Wednesday 07
Got a copy of the Sam Feldman 60th birthday video, its a good one...  Hb and I went for a walk around the WL at around 1pm.  It was a cloudy morning and a sunny afternoon typical mid to late summer OR style. We caught the tail end of the clouds into full blast sun.  I had a nice talk with Luke in the evening about his trip to Mexico and some finance stuff... 
Thursday 08
Finished NM Crs semi-annual taxes.  Hb and I went to the Willamette / Luckiamute Landing state natural area.  It was a perfect day, in the low 70's.  We walked to the river and some folks were just taking off in their boats.  We had the whole place to ourselves the whole time and just as we were walking away some other folks showed up.  It was a perfect day and we topped it off with a nice meal in Albany at Gamberetti's.  We had the beat and avocado salad along with eggplant parmesan and sausage pasta and tiramisu for dessert.  The evening was lovely, we sat outside and ate dinner and the temps were perfect.  Not too hot / not to cool and we were outside and the traffic was very light.  We walked around downtown afterwards and were home by dusk just in time for me to be able to splash a bit of water on our plants :).  
Friday 09
At around 6pm Hb and I sat outside in our back yard and decided to go on a short walk.  It ended up being a 4 hour journey, as we made ourselves to the river, talked to a guy about mink farms and archimedes principle with water displacement in a boat and back around up past the Tuesday market and saw Phoenix spoke to him for awhile, then Mark came by and we talked to him and then we remet Steve and Sally who live on Crystal Lake.  On our way home Russell was sitting outside finishing up his meal so we thanked him for a nice bday party the other night and ended up staying at his house till dark.  Earlier in the day I dealt with Patrick's chickens, he is up visiting Mindy at summer camp and Bob got solar panels for $12k, they were there for 2 hours on the install.  I put away Boyd and Jan's nothing as it was done.
Saturday 10
Talked to Paul at the Farmer's market and he told me about his son William Harcombe.  We sat by the fountains at the market and watched the kids play till about 2:30pm and then swung by the COOP on the way home.
Sunday 11
Mike and Kathy Link came over at 10:30am and we were outside till 4pm.  Will came over mid-stream and we hung out for awhile with everyone then Kathy and Mike left and Pedro hung out with us for awhile.  Eventually Kathy Miller came over and she was there for awhile and then she left and Hb, Will and I hung out until Will left just before 4pm.  So we were outside for a very long time.  We then went over to Scott and Kathleen's house and Hb picked up some face cream.  We sat in their back yard for awhile and as we were leaving Kathy turned us on to some of the beautiful plants in her garden.  Her students are slowly coming back to the house for piano lessons.  We came home, had some dinner and then I got an email from Kaveh.  I called him at 7:20pm and we spoke for over an hour about his potential future job at Google.  We talked about the old days in Argentina.
Monday 12
Scott's birthday and we had a great talk early in the morning.  He is doing well and we had fun talking.  He is 66.  We learned in the evening that Brynn is going to sell her house and move to another place, bummer.  I cut the grass this afternoon for the last time this summer including cutting the grass at Gary's house too.  I used up all of the gas in both lawn mowers and the engine oil looks good so I do not need to change the filters in either mower.  I am making huge progress on the spanish front and am listening to a really nice talk by a rabbi in argentina.
Tuesday 13
In the morning I harvested half the fig tree bed for more garlic and watered the side yard and marion garden.  Afterwards we went to TJ's and the Coop.  Tuesday market we hung out at Phoenix and Naj's place till almost 7pm and then swung by the Tuesday market and then dropped down the hill for our walk around the park.  It was a gorgeous evening.  On the way back we saw Patrick weed whacking the Bell St. Park.
Wednesday 14
Watered Jessica's house on Marion in the morning.  Hb and I sat outside in the afternoon and in the evening she went to her journey drumming group with Anne White and I did the Crystal Lake Wednesday night walk with Michael, Cheryl, Mark, Ildi, Nancy who lives near Ildi, Sally, Steve, Oatmar, Jen Brown.  Hb got home just as I was getting home from my walk.
Thursday 15
Hike with David Mayfield on Starr Creek Rd.  We walked to the top of the hill.  Hb and I went for a walk around the block and I bought 2 new lamps at the garage sale on Bell.  Had a nice talk with Dad about life and his relationship with his Mom and Dad.
Friday 16
Dad had his birthday party today with 16 people from his floor.  Sounds like everyone showed up and had a great time.  Iris arranged the whole thing.  I spoke to him early this morning about his party and then called him at 9:30pm his time to get the party update.  We did laundry today, went over to TJ's to get olive oil that we were waiting for por semanas.  Then Winco for oatmeal and tortillas then MLK park.  We learned our way around the park this time thanks to Hb exploring a new trail.  We had a beautiful afternoon there and the temps were perfect.
Saturday 17
Farmer's market in the morning, and then we hung out at the fountain for awhile.  I harvested more garlic and pulled off lots of remaining scape seeds that we did not harvest.  Next year do way less seed heads, in fact hardly do any, as the garlic this year on those guys are small; which I kind of knew, but I am reminding myself of that for next year here.
Sunday 18
Watered in the morning and took some pictures of my Marion garden space.  The winter squash down there is doing great along with the Datura.  David Mayfield told me about it officially being Datura which I already suspected but was not sure on the plant identification.  In the late afternoon we went over to Avery Park and walked around and then we went to Bina's for her annual gathering.  We met her spanish friends Miguel and Reina who were from Michoacuan.  We had a real nice time at Bina's with them.  It was a very nice afternoon.
Monday 19
Pedro picked me up at 10am.  We went over to his house and did the irrigation project and then we hung out at his house in the back yard for awhile.  We just sat down on the ground and talked for a long time about life and whats going on.  It was a good hang out.  Afterwards we went to Bodhi for lunch.  It was Peter's first time there and he liked the food, ambiance, and the vibe.  We saw David and Lottie there; her family from Duluth was visiting them.  At 5pm we sang happy birthday to Dad on Zoom with everyone except Elizabeth who never participates in the family gatherings.  We had a nice zoom chat with Dad.  Got some quotes for how much it would cost to demolish the house behind me on Marion, we are looking at under 15k.
Tuesday 20
Miko came over around 1pm and we went for a walk around the park.  He blew out his shoulder bone playing soccer so he was a bit bummed out at the beginning of the walk.  We sat by the rocks on the boat dock.  It was a good gathering for both of us.  TJ's for shopping and then we went to the Tuesday market.  The concrete footers are in for the Farm Stand; it took a while to get the project up and running but progress is being made.
Wednesday 21
Almost done harvesting the garlic as today I completed the artichoke garlic bed on the west circle.  The only remaining garlic to harvest is half of the fig tree bed and then I will be complete on the harvest for summer 2021.  Later in the day Hb and I went for a walk down to the park and I ran across the field to the river, we sat on a new bench and then I ran back across the field with my tennis shoes on.
Thursday 22
In the evening I finished harvesting the fava beans in the east circle lawn.  I should have gotten at them earlier as the winter squash was all entangled in the fava beans and they were actually even hard to see the plant.  Hb had a meditation at Dev's with Renee right when we got home from our hike on Cardwell Hill.  We didn't go very far; just over the crest of the hill and down a bit.  We ran into the guy who lost his wallet.  We said to him, "Do you have California plates ?.  We then clued him in to his wallet being lost.  We put his wallet on his door handle so it was pretty easy to find.  We went over to Kathy Miller's and got some figs as well as some yellow plums in the Bell Park.  Summer is in full bloom; and we are enjoying every minute of the beauty.
Friday 23
Mellow day at home.  In the evening we walked into the park and then over to Renee's for a little gathering.  We met Annette for the first time.  She is living on Cheryl's land in the back yard.  We also met Molly.
Saturday 24
We were at the Farmer's market by about 10am.  It is our earliest arrival this year.  We came home for a bit and then headed up to the Adair County Park.  Jim Kimball's service was lovely.  Bob Ward from Coho led the Friend's service.  A combination of buddhism and quaker friends.  the catered lunch by valley catering was beautiful and we met Kathy and Tamina who knows Steve from Western.  We also hung out with Jay and Linda.  We went for a short walk in the park, then swung by VC and came home.  I had a nice talk with Dad.  In the evening we went over to Kathy Miller's and got some figs and did some watering in the back yard; along with watering the blueberries in the front.  We then went over to Russell's for the fire circle.  It was a beautiful evening, warm and very summer like for late July.
Sunday 25
It was a journey today but we got Hb to the Boy's and Girl's club at 1:30pm and we were the 3rd people in line.  She got the vaccine; JNJ and we were out the store with 4 gift cards / tarjetas regalo including Winco / Fred Meyer / Tacos / and Koriander.  I had a nice long talk with John outside around 5pm.  We had a good check in.  In the evening we went for a walk and had a nice walk with Mark the whole way from his house around the big block.  We got some yellow plums and figs from Kathy's backyard.  Yum, yum, yummy.  At dusk and into the night had a long talk with Steve and told him we met his friend Tamina yesterday at the service for Jim Kimball.
Monday 26
Morning watering on the Marion garden along with weeds and summer squash harvest at Russell's.  In the afternoon I spoke to Pedro for several hours, talked to Dad and then we went for a walk.  We talked to Jerry, Tal, and Miriam for awhile on the corner of Crystal Lake and Park.  He was giving away free plums.  Wow, summer is moving along quickly and we are having fun.  This morning I talked to Mindy for awhile.  She got home from camp on Saturday evening after being gone for almost one month.
Tuesday 27
Early morning birthday email to mother.  Had a nice talk with John Gutman today, I kept having to call him back every 10 minutes.  Tuesday market followed by a walk in the park and we hung out at the river and saw Kent as we sat on the bench.  I couldn't remember his name but got it when I came home.  We stopped by Friendly Star's for some more figs.  We are figged out this year, we got our fill of figs and ours haven't even arrived yet.  So this was clearly a big year for figs as Kathy was out of town for a few weeks and we were watching out and doing some watering in her back yard.
Wednesday 28
Mellow day today.  Hb and I worked outside in the evening.  The garlic harvest is officially over, now the processing phase begins; but everything is out of the ground.  Also fava beans are harvested and put in a box, now they have to be processed.  Hb is dealing with some side effects from the shot on Sunday.
Thursday 29
Walk in the evening over to the cemetery and back.  It was a warm day and in the afternoon we went to the coop when it was just under 100.  In the mid morning I did a shopping trip to TJ's and Hb stayed home as she is still recovering from the covid vaccine.
Friday 30
In the evening we went for a walk and hung out in our new favorite spot at the frisbee bench on hole 17.  Afterwards we headed up through the Tuesday market and spent the rest of the evening with Phoenix, Naj, and Ildi.  Ildi walked us home down Crystal Lake.  Earlier in the day I had a nice impromptu zoom call with Sigman who told me he has one quarter left at zoom and will finish up there on Nov 1 a few days after his 60th birthday.  I watered in the late morning and watered Jessica's tambien.
Saturday 31
Real nice walk in the evening across 99 and our usual walk to the end of Wake Robin.  A gorgeous evening, not too hot, not a drop of wind in the air.  On our way home on Goodnight Russell ran into us on his bike and talked to us for awhile.  He was at Barbara's house for dinner.  Earlier in the day we went to the Farmer's market and Bina gave us some cake in celebration of her birthday a few days back.  We sat in front of the fountain and watched the little kids play in the water.  We have been starting to do that now every week and has become our ritual on Saturday after the Farmer's market and we get to watch everyone break down their stand and all pretty much go home before we leave the fountain.  At the end of the day we stopped by Kathy Miller's who is still not home and picked a whole big trader joes bag of figs as they were dripping off the tree and then I came home; processed them and put them in a big pot with some water and started boiling them down for the morning.


August 2021


Sunday 01
Watered at Russell's in the morning, hung out in the afternoon.  In the evening we went for a walk and found a nice lounge chair in front of Mark Sherman's house along with a nice fanny pack.  I spoke to rand today for over 2 hours.  It has been a long time since we last spoke.  In the morning Hb and I went for a walk around the block and I harvested our first round of cucumbers from Russell's along with some really big summer squash.  Its truly amazing that those cucumbers made it to fruition.  You just wonder early on if anything is going to happen and then wala then next thing you know you have more cucumbers than you know what to do with :)
Monday 02
Dev came over in the morning to help Hb out; she is still experiencing issues from the vaccine she got a week and a day ago.  In the evening we went for a nice walk and spoke to Kurt and Jana for awhile on Park near Crystal Lake.
Tuesday 03
Mellow day followed by the Tuesday market.  I gave away some figs that were really ripe from Kathy's tree.  Earlier in the day I did a bunch of watering including at Jessica's where I also harvested a bunch of tomatoes.  It was our first big tomato haul of the year from her garden.  Also put out the Garden Photo album 2021.
Wednesday 04
Karen Mayo gave me Steve Soloman's Organic Gardening book as we were walking on Crystal Lake.  I watered for Barbara this evening as she was out of town at her annual coast trip with her Mom.
Thursday 05
Nice day in Albany.  We started out the day at Luckiamute State Natural Landing Area Park. We love that place.  Then we went to Walmart, and then a beautiful lunch downtown at our favorite restaurant.  We sat outside and got our favorite avacado beet salad; along with gluten free pasta with chicken and mushrooms.  The sauce was fantastic and we got a free dessert of our favorite tiramisu.  Afterwards we went over to the park and they were starting a concert.  So we sat around there for awhile and listened to the band warm up.  We then when for our first walk down Stellmacher Road on our way home.  Its a nice spot that overlooks the river valley on the way home from Albany.
Friday 06
Gorgeous evening and we went for a big walk around WL.  Enjoying the cooler weather for a few days as it is supposed to heat back up next week to slightly over 100.
Saturday 07
Hb is still recovering from the covid shot she got two weeks ago so we skipped the farmer's market for the first time this year and I headed over the VC and TJ's.  Our favorite yogurt was discontinued, huge bummer.  We have been into no-fat yogurt for awhile now, and that was our brand.  They have a $3.99 version that is organic; so that will be our new goto yogurt.
Sunday 08
Tenth anniversary of 8/8 was very nice.  Pedro picked us up at 5pm and we hung out with Annette, Pedro, Ken, Will, Adam who lives on Bridgeway.  It was a glorious evening, not too hot with lots of great food set up in the Tuesday market area.  A good time was had by all.
Monday 09
Made the call earlier in the day to go away to the coast on Wednesday.  Had a big walk today with David Mayfield in the morning and Miko in the afternoon along with booking hotel rooms for our trip.  A big day was had by all.  Really enjoyed being with David today and Miko as well...
Tuesday 10
Pack all day for our trip tomorrow to Coos Bay.  We watered in the evening and then walked over to Russel's to water tambien.  At 11am Hb went out to Marie Towey's for a session.  It was a hot day but not as hot as the next two.
Wednesday 11
Hb got up at 5am and I followed her up, we were out of the house by 8am and headed south to Veneta and bought gas at Towne Pump for $3.53 a gallon.  The low on the gas before the Trump election was $1.91 in Junction City.  We stopped on the Mapleton side of the Siuslaw and headed up stream 3 miles we were found a turn off pull over and then we walked further up stream through a gorgeous old growth stand of oaks.  It was a lovely morning and we were happy to be out of dodge for a few days.  The morning temps were perfect and we dodged a bullet with the temps in Corvallis slated to hit 105 for the next two days.  This part of the journey on the river was nice.  The other side of the river was Hwy 36 which heads up towards Swiss Home, Dead Wood and Triangle Lake.  We have been that way in the past but will make it back up there again some day.  We arrived in Florence and hit the Grocery Outlet for some snacks, bananas and gluten free bread.  We then went downtown Florence had some lunch and walked along the wharf.  I had a nice chat with a guy selling tuna and salmon off his fishing boat.  The whole tuna was $3.50 a lb and he told me that being a fisherman is work and that he works every day of his life.  He was my age or younger and his boat was somewhere down in the Bay Area or possibly Morro Bay.  After lunch we headed south to Coos Bay.  There was lots of traffic on 101S and it was stop and go through Reedsport and 3 or 4 lights.  We got to our hotel the Quality Inn in North Bend and it turns out to be very nice.  It was our first time staying here but we like this place.  We went over to Charleston and walked along the beach.  There is a nice county park beach which is the first left past where all of the restaurants were.  A good day was had by all.  I finished the day off with an hour talk with Pedro Day and told him that it was 60 degrees where we were and back home in Corvallis it was over 100 degrees today.
Thursday 12
Another huge day on the trip.  Up early and we had our oatmeal and toast with our new toaster from Walmart that we bought in Moscow, Idaho.  So this was our second trip with our favorite toaster.  We checked out of our place and headed to the coop in coos bay.  Its a very nice coop and we bought some lunch stuff.  On our way down to Bandon we stopped off at the Bandon Golf Club and had a gorgeous walk on Whiskey Run Beach.
After the walk we had a beautiful lunch at Bandon Dunes Golf Club on the porch with a beautiful table.  We got to see all of the caddy’s come in with the golfers.  The caddy bus picked up the caddy’s and the golfers went on their way.  Bandon is a classy place and the setting is magnificent.  I wouldn’t have believed how nice a place it really is.  After lunch we headed into town and walked the town and chilled out on the wharf and watched the seagulls.  The weather was perfect, just around 60 degrees in the air plus and we had on our shorts, and a jacket on the beach but otherwise a tshirt will do.  Back home in Corvallis it was over a 100 the past two days so we dodged a bullet with the temps.  After the Bandon hang out we drove to our place to stay for the night.  We stayed at the Myrtle Lane Inn in Coquille at 787 N Central Blvd.  There was a nice hamburger joint right next door so we got the special avocado burger and fries with a root beer.  Wow, the burger was yummy and we split the burger and fries.  After dinner we walked into town and saw the whole place.  Its a nice mellow town and we would definitely stay here again in the future summer when there were no other places to stay.
Friday 13
Our final day of the trip may have had the best part which was our 4 mile walk on the beach at the Florence sand dunes.  We started at milepost 101 and walked to milepost 103.  We edged our way through the tall grass; see shots from this trip, and ran down the dunes to the water's edge.  There was no one on the beach except the folks with the yellow Pittsburgh paints bucket pail with whom we talked with the woman.  She was not from Pitt but her friend got the bucket from somewhere.  At the ice cream store in Florence we also met a guy with a Pirates hat and jacket on.  He was an older man from Louisiana who moved to Sacramento after the service.  He was very nice and had been to Pittsburgh once in his life.  His wife was from there.  We got up at about 6:30am.  The place we stayed was nice and we would definitely stay there again in the summer, but the heating situation in the winter is marginal at best.  In fact when I checked out I asked Lani and she said they turn the heater on before the guests arrive.  Our drive to Coos Bay from Coquil was a short mellow drive.  It's a surprisingly very good road; probably because it is the county seat and it was probably the original road prior to 101 being put in at a later time; and then it swung over to Bandon the way we drove it yesterday.  The Coos Bay coop is 50 years old and we also learned from the checkout lady that there is a natural grocers there too; which is a huge bonus in my eyes.  We drove around Coos Bay and learned our way a bit more around the area.  The drive to Florence was pretty mellow and there was no traffic in Reedsport this time through.  The walk on the beach in Florence rocked and then we headed into town and sat on the wharf at a picnic table and had our gourmet lunch we bought in Coos Bay at the Coop.  After lunch we walked around the boats on the dock, Hb got her ice cream cone and we were back home in Corvallis before 5pm.  It was hot when we got home like in the mid 90’s but not nearly as hot as the past two days.  By the time I am writing this note at 9:30pm Friday evening its cool outside and the coming days are not going to be that hot.  So we got out of dodge at the perfect moment.  We had a super fantastic trip, probably one of the best trips of our lives for some reason and to top it off we are happy to be home which is a good energetic sign all around.  Buen viaje !!
Saturday 14
We missed last weeks farmer's market last weekend because Hb was not feeling well but we were there this week and Bina told us she "missed" us last week.  It was a hot day, so we stopped by and filled up the gas tank from the trip.
Sunday 15
Early morning walk.  Left the house at 6:30am and ran into Mike outside his street of his house.  I created seeing him this morning.  I went into their house for the first time and they gave me a tour.  Its a lovely 2.5 bath home; well designed and quiet.  We hung out at their house for awhile and then walked down to the boat ramp.  I ducked out on the way back at the pavilion and went home.  I started processing garlic today, round two.  So its getting it all trimmed up and tucked away.  Hb and I went for a nice long walk into the park and back up through Tuesday market.  Long range forecast is looking good and the massive heat wave appears to be behind us through the end of the month of August.  I was able to successfully stay off the computer through Sunday evening and did not read my email till Monday morning, tomorrow.  buenos noches.
Monday 16
Went to the post office to buy a sheet of stamps.  Hb was mailing a check to Pat.  She and I had a great talk on the phone this morning.  I had not spoken to her in awhile and we had some things to catch up on.  She is refinancing her house so we talked about that too.  We hit TJ's and the VC.  Hb bought Bina a dark chocolate bar.  In the evening we picked up some pears and
went for another short walk around the block.  I am in the middle of the final round of garlic processing.  It is ready to be put in the box.  Also, this evening I heard and saw the geese for the first time.  Autumn is in the air and they are returning home from their summer vacation.  This is kind of a spiritual moment and another signal of the seasons of the year and the beauty life has to offer.  A lo unico que hay temer es al miedo mismo.
Tuesday 17
Early morning walk with Hb over to WL.  We went before Hb had breakfast.  I went out and realized we needed to harvest the cucumbers at Russell's, so I came back home got the car and went over and got them.  Then Hb and I went for our walk.  We hit the Tuesday market and Naj had her birthday party with cake and ice cream, yummy.  Cedar was there along with Will Werner and we had a jolly old time.  Then we came home and talked to Pedro for an hour and sang him happy birthday as well.
Wednesday 18
Up early, oil change at 10am, Hb went to Bodhi and I walked over to the bank.  Came back and had the remaining part of Hb's breakfast sandwich with ham.  A OSU Veteranarian prof was sitting next to us interviewing a future female Hawaiin student who is interested in attending school.  In the afternoon we hung out and then walked over to the park and I ran in the field.  Came home and did some blackberry trimming and Steve and I had a long talk about a potential well at his place.  He has been making some rumblings about doing this for the past couple of months.
Thursday 19
Hung out with Boyd and Jan a bit in the afternoon and gave them a cucumber.  I told them about my daily journal and how I did an entry each day and how I would include them in this days entry.  Had a long talk with Dad.  I took him through the complete garden photo album I put together a few weeks back and we went over what each picture was about.  The temps have cooled and we are now looking at 80's for the duration of August into September.
Friday 20
In the afternoon we went over to the OSU Horticulture Center for the first time and walked along Oak Creek between 35th and 30th and into the Reser Stadium Parking Lot.  Hb picked up some free flowers from the cooler as well.  We then went over to the Oddfellows cemetery to check on the pears that are almost ready, then hit the coop where Hb bought some food.  We went over to the park on 29th and Garfield and we ate the food Hb bought and then went for a walk around the hood over there.  In the evening I watered, we are almost done watering for the season and we are now down to watering once a week which is great news !  We are tired doing the watering scene by this time of the year and everything is starting to die back and go to seed for the winter.
Saturday 21
We went to the Farmer's market early today because I had a lot of cooking to do in prep for our potluck at Earthrising Later in the Day.  So we got there around 11am and was back early and I started cooking for the day.  Ken arrived around 3pm and we hung out for awhile and then Than arrived and we took off for Earthrising.  It was a great evening and seeing Than after 30 years was amazing.  Erin was born in 1979, Than in 83 and Mattie in 86.  So Mattie is the same year as Ben, and Than is two years younger than Leah.  The years fly by.  Than is moving back home to Canada to be with his Mom Phyliss and his brother Mattie.  He enjoyed the potluck and Lee gave us a great tour of his green house which was truly appreciated.  He gave us a nice pepper plant along with a tree that he will drop off on Monday.  An amazing evening was had by all and the weather was perfect; not too cold and not too hot; lovely... We talked to Craig a lot too, along with Lee.  We met Miko for the first time, he is a trip of a guy and very interesting human being as well just like everyone else out there.  Delbert gave us a tour of his new house down in the big meadow with a great view of the hillside behind him.  We love this place and going back home to Earthrising.
Sunday 22
Hung out with Than a bit this morning and then he headed out, but before he left Dev came by and took some nice shots of us upon his departure.  We hung out with Dev for awhile and then around 2pm she took off and I made a nice salmon leftover lunch.  Afterwards we went for a walk and for the first time saw Leslie's house on Richland.  She has a nice big property with a gorgeous apple tree with lots of apples. Yeh !  Phoenix came by and I went over to Jan and Boyd's to get some pears.  Then Phoenix and I went into the park to throw some frisbee and we ran into Prem who Phoenix knew and I met today.  He is an interesting person to say the least.  I keep meeting nice new people who live in my hood and the greater Corvallis community.  Today was a good day and Than made our weekend pleasant.
Monday 23
Lee Miller came by today and dropped off a Eucalyptus tree which we planted at the end of the side yard.  He dropped it off and we planted the tree.  We filled the hole with water and dug out the remaining clay.  It worked great.  Lee came back and was happy to see the hole in the ground and the tree planted.  He stayed for lunch and we filled out his advanced directive.  At around 5pm we went to Trader Joe's and Hb stopped by the coop.  We talked to Dad and went for a short walk around the block.
Tuesday 24
Than called us yesterday from the Canadian border prior to entering into his new home nation with the news about his trip.  Today we layed low and went for a walk around the big block at the end of the day.
Wednesday 25
Today in the afternoon Hb and I went over to our bench on the Disc Golf Course, all future reference to our bench will be the DGC Bench.  I am starting to feel like I am beginning to get in better shape.  Today I ran all the way across the big fields in the park, which is the longest run I have done in a number of years.  Weather was superb, partly cloudy, not real hot; a perfect early autumn day was had by all.  In the evening I cleaned off the slab, moved all of the wood pile outside the fence and along it at the bottom as well as recycled all of the cardboard boxes that had been sitting there all summer gathering spiders for their houses.  Unfortunately they are probably a bit bummed out.
Thursday 26
Major day of apples at Leslie's new house on Richland.  Leaf was there so I hung out with him a bit.  I picked up all of the apples off the ground which was a major amount of them, threw the bad apples in several piles and brought a bunch of apples home.  It was a gorgeous late summer / early autumn day and I felt good being outside with them apples.
Friday 27
Today was ui day so I was up at 3:42am, and the release was before 4:10am.  I went back to sleep but always a challenging sleep after that.  In the afternoon we went over to Winco for some oatmeal and then over to MLK park.  We went for a walk and I did some jogging.  I am getting back into shape.  Afterwards we stopped by the Oddfellows cemetery and picked up a few apples and pears.  I felt good about oddfellows as I was walking back down the lane at the cemetery.  There is something about oddfellows that I am attracted to, maybe it is the legacy of being in a fraternal organization.  We came home and had Bina's beans, but didn't eat until around 8pm which is very late for us.  A beautiful day was had by all, the light is starting to change in a dramatic way from summer light to autumn / spring light / we love being in Oregon.
Saturday 28
Farmer's market; hung out at Bina's booth for awhile while she went to talk to someone.  At the end of the market Hb bought a burrito and we sat at the fountain and she enjoyed her treat.  We saw Chris as we were leaving and we spoke to him for awhile.  He got a new job as a cook at memory unit.  It is his first job since 1995 and he was excited.  Afterwards Hb stopped off at the new ice cream store on 1st that just opened.  In the afternoon we hung out and went for a walk over to the park and then I spoke to David Friedman from 6:30pm to 8:30pm.  A good day was had by all.
Sunday 29
Garlic is finally completed.  It took two full months and a small round one harvested in late June with the official start on July 4th and the processing took until the end of August, wow.  After the harvest and some lunch we partied, day 3 of the year, see entry and then headed out.  I had a long talk with Austin about programming.  It was the first time I had ever had a long talk with him.  Hb came back to get her water bottle and so I rapped with him for awhle about python and he works for a shipping logistics company in the back office data processing / entry.  Then we headed up Crystal Lake on the way to Ildi's little gathering in the cul-de-sac but we hung out with Katherine and Jorge the whole time.  I got to know Jorge a lot better.  It was the first time we had a serious talk about life and he is a very smart guy with lots of knowledge across numerous subject matters.  Then we headed over and had a long talk with Russel about our favorite topic of partying and some mind altering methodologies.  It was fun hanging out in his garden for a bit and shooting the shit.
Monday 30
Our garbage disposal died today and it took with it (appears) the circuit breaker with it.  So we ran around and eventually found a nice device at Bed Bath and Beyond to catch all of the food until we deal with buying a new garbage disposal, shut off valves, and a new faucet for the kitchen sink.
Tuesday 31
Unfortunately covid numbers are through the roof for round two.  So much so that we bailed from the Tuesday market today and instead walked over to the tree lined street at the water company.  Early in the day I did an early morning walk and ran into Mike and Kathy again.  I came home and did a bunch of work trimming back the bushes on the Jay and Sarah side.  I usually do that once a year.  Afterwards Hb and I cleaned up the mint from the side of the shed that goes to see and gets crazy.  I did some watering in the evening.


September 2021


Wednesday 01
At the end of the day I had a long talk with Pedro, Cual es la diferencia entre dormir y meditar ?  We had a nice walk into the park and hung out by the river for awhile.  We saw Karen Mayo who took our picture because she liked the shot of us holding hands.  Around lunch time we went to TJ's and the Coop for food.  It was another stellar day here, early autumn / late summer rocks.
Thursday 02
Hang out at Phoenix and Naj's house in the afternoon, then Ken and I went for a walk around the park.  I found out from Anne White as Ken and I were standing in front of the car that my house was for sale.  There are many reasons and this drama has been unfolding since almost the day Gary died back on May 27 which was almost exactly 3 months ago but I am not even going to put an offer on the house.  The stars are aligned not to do it.  In summary, Pedro called me a few hours earlier to discuss why he is NOT going to build a guest house in Hawaii.  Earlier in the week I had an issue where I needed a new garbage disposal and the plug went bad and that alone ticked me off.  Morgen the woman who owns the house never contacted me after she said she would keep me in the loop.  And in the end the energy was just not right for a hundred different other reasons which I will not expound upon but I could, but have chosen not too.  But suffice it to say that I have thought long and very hard about this decision for just over 3 months and every single time the muscle test says NO.  So I can't not listen to the universe and do what it tells me to do.  I even spoke to a general contractor who told me many things today all pointing to signs of not to move forward not to mention the whole freaking covid numbers are through the roof and the energy of being a human being on planet earth is so f-cked right now that moving forward and getting yourself involved with a ball and chain around your neck just makes ZERO sense.  Amen, and I am just happy that part ZERO of this saga is officially over.  Otherwise, if the house had not come up on the market, it could have dragged out in my head for months more and that would have been very painful.  So it is freeing to know that we are done and finished with this vector in my life. 
Friday 03
Pedro stopped by in the morning as he saw activity at the 1060 Marion property; that led to the rest of the days events; which I will outline tomorrow.
Saturday 04
So yesterday was a mess but a big lesson.  After Pedro stopped by I got entangled in a rabbit hole that took me till early this morning after midnight to untangle.  I got hooked up with Sharon Davis at REMax and the rest of the day was spent going to the bank for a letter, then meeting with her at 3pm, putting an offer on the house, having a long talk with Pedro on the phone, going for a walk with Hb and then around 10pm just as I was about to go to sleep the reality of what I had just did hit me like a brick wall and I got really bummed out and nervous.  I thought about it for awhile and just after midnight sent an email off to Fred Adams and Sharon cancelling the offer I had put on the house for $265k.  When you read this note years later you will probably say I should have kept it, but at the time, which is right now its not a good idea.  It started with me thinking that I could just leave the house alone for awhile and not do anything.  But when I realized the house needed heat in the winter and that rodents could easily invest the house in a big way I realizied oh no.  Plus trying to figure out how to reconfigure the house that was broken in every which way plus Sunday was almost impossible.  Joan who lives across the way told me the same thing.  She was trying to figure out how to make the house nice and she just couldn't do it.  This morning I sent a text message off to Sharon and Fred and then finally got a message back from Sharon saying there will be a better opportunity next time.  Bottom line is this: I think in this lifetime I am done ever considering purchasing a home or property that is anything but my primary residence.  I have made this mistake so many times in my life with real estate that you would think I would have learned my lesson but nope, I still keep banging my head against the wall over and over.  Pedro's rap on all of this was to tear the house down; but for me filling up the landfill with a house was not going to happen on my watch plus paying 300k for a property and then paying property taxes for the rest of your life on another "nice garden space" just did not seem to cut the mustard.  Oh well, hopefully this time I got it.  Moving on; after this debacle I went for a nice walk to the end of Wake Robin leaving the house by 7:30am and was home just after 9am.  We skipped the Farmer's market today but the winds shifted to the south and while I was out on my walk I saw a big smoke bank moving in our direction.  By the time I got home and it was time to go to the Farmer's market the smoke was so bad that we decided not to go.  Larry wanted to check in; so we had a good talk and the rest of the day was mellow until we went out to the Herbert Open Space for the first time in the evening.  It was glorious, we were the only ones there and the nice 80 degree temps continued to inspire Hb and I into a better understanding of what life is really all about.
Sunday 05
Watered in the morning, nice lunch, Dad started his investment club yesterday so he gave me the rundown.  Hb and I went out to Hiatt Farm for a lemon bar and a cookie and then we went for a walk up on Decker Ridge.
Monday 06
This morning around 8am we decided, as we did last time that we were going to the coast tomorrow.  We got our reservations at the same places as last time and we spent the rest of the day preparing and packing for the trip.  It takes a full day to get our shit together.  In the afternoon Hb went over to Dev's house.   Her and Bill's son got married this weekend in Portland.  In the evening we went for a walk and had a long talk with Mike Jordan.  It was our first time communicating with him since they got back on July 10.  Then we saw Michael outside Kathy's house and we wrapped with him for awhile and then Kathy came out and we spoke to both of them for awhile.  He was just finishing up changing his oil when we arrived.  Terrick and Tig stopped by and I introduced him to the group.  We got some free plums at the end of Crystal Lake at Jerry's house; he is an amazing guy with his free stuff.  What a life here in Corvallis.  We came home and did a bunch of watering so everything would be set up for the week.
Tuesday 07
We got up a little bit later on this trip but were able to leave the house by 9am.  So we were an hour later than the last trip.  Hb got a coffee in Veneta and we bought gas too, this time it was $3.59 so it went up a bit.  Rolled into Florence and hit the Grocery Outlet but this time we headed out north to a county park just south of Heceta Beach.  It was a free parking spot before you entered the campground called Harbor Vista County Campground and Park.  We had a nice lunch and then headed over to Heceta Beach Access Public Parking.  There is a paid parking right next door which we did not see, but then we found it.  From there Hb drove us to Coos Bay and we checked into our hotel the Quality Inn.  We like this place.  This time for two nights instead of one.  We headed out to the same beach and walked along it up to the jetty only this time it was more windy and cold.  Afterwards we had a nice dinner at Fisherman’s Grotto which is just on the right side before you head over the bridge coming from Coos Bay or on the left side if you are leaving the beach and cross back over the bridge.
Wednesday 08
We hung in the room until 11am and then as we were driving on 10th into Coos Bay the sun burst out and it was gorgeous all day.  We lucked upon the Farmer’s Market which is downtown on Wednesday’s from 9am to 2pm.  It was very nice.  We walked around downtown for the first time.  It was beautiful.  We walked over to the dock and checked out the boats and looked out over the harbor.  We then stopped by the coop and bought our lunch and then hung out in the public parking lot and had our big lunch as well as the food we bought yesterday at the grocery outlet.  From there we drove down south back out to Shinglehouse Road and that hooks into 101 and just past where we got on we headed across the slough.  We parked at the golf course and walked to the end of the road.  It was sunny and nice and we saw some nice trees.  Then came back on the same side of the slough and landed at the boat ramp.  We walked down to the water and then came back up and saw the guys who had just hauled in their load of salmon.  It is salmon season and they are running and they had some big fish over 20 pounds.  Rick the main guy who was doing the fileting of the fish gave us a lesson in how none of the fish today are native and they all come from the hatchery.  It was quite the lesson in the history of Oregon fishing.  Basically the whole thing was messed up 100 years ago when the loggers started dumping huge logs in the river to float them downstream to the local ports.  Add it to the list.  Afterwards we came back into town and parked at Mingus Park and walked the whole park to the top of the hill and then circled back around on the road away from 10th on the other side which is the west park road.  We got a great tour of the park and the temps were perfect.  From there we came back to our hotel and headed out for a nice mexican food dinner just a few blocks from our place.  The owner of the restaurant was very cool and we had great food for $20.  Hb had an enchilada and a taco and I had two mole enchiladas.  We then walked down to the water which is the north bend port and waterfront.  A good day was had by all.
Thursday 09
Another big gigantic day was had by all.  Left the hotel just before 11am and went over to Ross to get some Uggs for $35.  Hb got some PJs.  Then she stopped off at the Human Bean for some coffee and we headed over to the amazing park just north of the bridge.  It was our first time there and it was great.  We started out on the trail around the Lake and met some really nice people from North Bend.  They were about our age and sold us on how great of a place this is to live.  They moved here from the Seattle area about 8 years ago around the time we moved to Corvallis.  They left their phone number on our windshield.  Len and Diane Morrison from North Bend Oregon 360 624 8516.  We had lunch after the hike from food we got at the coop yesterday.  We then went over to the beach and had a very nice walk.  There was no one on the beach as well as no wind and High Tide.  Lovely as always on the beach.  Then we drove to Coquile and checked into our place by 5pm.  Jason is the new manager and gave us a 10% senior / triple A discount.  We went next store for a big ol fajita salad and a large fries with NO Salt for less than $13.  Afterwards we walked up 10th street and swung back around and it was just getting dark and starting to mist outside as the fog was rolling in from the coast.  A super fantastic day was had by all.
Friday 10
Our final day of the trip was a BIG one.  We started out at the estuary.  We walked all the way down to the bottom on the north trail.  I did the north trail last time tambien and have never done the hidden trail.  We came back up on the railroad road and the middle creek trail.  Absolutely a beautiful spot.  The drive over there from Coquille was also cool, as we went on the north bank road and then crossed 101 to the Beaver road.  Its 8 miles from 101 to the estuary.  We had a nice lunch there after our hike and then headed back over to the Bachendorf Beach.  It was sunny and warm and we didn’t even need to wear our jackets.  Probably one of the very few times on the OR coast when it was so nice and sunny and warm that no extra layer was needed (wow).  The drive back to Coquille from Charleston is around 30 minutes as we now know about Libby Road.  We are learning our way around here.  We had dinner next door at Miguels for the 2nd night in a row we had the fajita salad and a large fries with NO salt.  An incredibly beautiful day was had by all.  And the trip has been magnificent.
Saturday 11
Up early and out of the Myrtle Lane Inn by 9:15am.  We got to Coos Bay, bought $12 of gas and then hit the coop for our food for the day.  Afterwards we went to get coffee and some breakfast for Hb at so it goes coffeehouse and bakery.  They had great food and good books and the sun was blasting down on us in the mid 70’s gorgeous weather.  From there we headed over to the South Jetty Beach of the Umpqua.  It is just south of Winchester Bay and you cut off 101 from the south at the Umpqua Lighthouse Rd.  Wow, the beach was lovely and the parking lot gigantic.  Weather was perfect and we walked a mile south to number 119 and starting point was 118.  We are getting good at these numbers.  Winchester Bay is cool and we will check it out more on future trips.  From there we drove up the Umpqua river a bit and had some lunch at the first boat launch.  It was a bit smoky but luckily it didn’t last long or get in our way.  We were home by 5pm and I spoke to Dad and we had a nice talk with Mindy just before dusk.  She is doing well and had fun on her llama trip with Patrick and the kids last time they were in Halfway.
Sunday 12
So I started off the day watering the side yard and then proceeded on to go through all of the apples and throw away the rotten ones.  These are the apples I got from Leslie’s new house a few weeks back.  I had never gone through them.  I took a few nice shots of the apples, see them on this day.  Hb and I went to the coop to get some greens, then came home and had a nice late lunch and then we walked over to our bench on the disc golf course.  We then did a nice walk home via the Tuesday market.  Along the way we had a nice talk with Zump and his 4 year old son Weston along with Mickey who lives on Goodnight who is from Wisconsin and his child Sylvan.
Monday 13
In the afternoon we went over to the Arboretum for a hike on the lower sections and ended up over at the lake.  Afterwards we stopped by TJ's for a few items.
Tuesday 14
Anyaa's 81st birthday party at Suzanne Parishes apt along with Riyah, Terry and her husband Larry, and Tammy.  We sat outside her place and shared a nice meal, sang happy bday to Anyaa and opened her presents.
Wednesday 15
One heck of a day. Steve Taylor fixed my electrical problem that in the end was my bad as I forgot to test the outlet with the switch on.  It took us two hours and Steve was already to give in and go home and then the light went on in his head.  Wow !! Oh brother; my electrical lesson for my life...  Also, Anna lost her balloon to the sky on her first day of school at Kindergarten.  She left go of it and it was no longer.  She was bummed out.  We had a long talk with Michael in front of Kathy Miller's house.  Listen to the universe and please continue to let go and not be attached.  Everything in moderation including not being detached too much.  We lost the car keys after that, and we were going to get the book shelf at the end of the block and I followed through with listening to the universe and decided not to go get it.
Thursday 16
Started out the day with this message. And then quickly moved to part II after yesterday's part I with Steve and finally figuring out my electrical problem which was not.  Called on Stutzman and got a quote from them which I was not happy about.  I wanted to use them but in the end their pricing model of a menu based system instead of an hourly rate just didn't work for me.  Then I called around and came down to Albin Plumbing with James Deatherage.  So we stopped by their office on 9th and signed up for them to install our new garbage disposal.
Friday 17
Pedro's friends Jason and Natalie from Ojai stopped by at 10am and we hung out for a bit and then they took off on a bike ride.  They returned briefly and were off for food.  In the afternoon I moved a bunch of dirt into the artichoke bed in anticipation of rain coming tonight through the weekend.  We went for a walk, ran into Will and hung out with him at Kathy's house for awhile.  It was great to spend time with him.  Today was Day 1 of moving dirt in prep for garlic.  At about 8:30am this morning I also went over to Russell's and pulled up all the milk thistle in the blueberry beds and the spot where I am going to plant the garlic.  I filled up Kristen's dumpster with a wheel barrow full of stuff.
Saturday 18
It rained pretty much all night starting at about 1am and stopped raining about an hour before we went to the Farmer's market.  It was a good market and we bought a bunch of food; and three bags of beans from Bina.  Stopped by the coop and came home.  Its Juniper's birthday today so we saw Patrick going off to get pizza.  It was kind of a rainy day starting in the mid to late afternoon but I cleared out the bed under the fig tree and am in the process of digging out that bed.
Sunday 19
Day 2 of moving dirt around.  It rained some this morning and then afterwards around 1pm I started moving dirt to the driveway bed.  Also, harvested all of the winter squash in the circle and took the remains down to the Marion line pile of leaves.  Afterwards Hb and I went for a walk around the park.  The day was crisp after the rains and we saw Chris who we didn't know had a nice puppy.  Also, we met some folks from the Dominican Republic who moved here about one month ago.  He was starting graduate school in water resources and he had a daughter who was in third grade.  In the evening we watched the netflix movie afterlife party. 
Monday 20
Met the roofer in the house behind us and got some more info.  House sold for 282k, and Brynn's house sold for 420k.  Long talk with Pedro from 3pm to 5pm; it was one of our "great talks" included in the conversation about the Amish Farmer who still uses a horse and buggy.  I watched this yesterday.  In the evening Hb and I could see our long shadow on Park just before Mark Sherman's house and the days are getting shorter and at the equinox the sun is full blown west, see you on March 21 for the same experience.
Tuesday 21
Finished up the driveway garden bed; so that is in place for garlic planting.  Along the way I had a nice chat with Dan and Luna who stopped by for awhile, along with a nice chat with Jen who came over to do her spraying.  Boyd stopped by and we sat down and hung out under the hazelnut tree.  It was a super gorgeous first day of autumn.  Hb and I went for a short walk and I had an Odd Fellows meeting this evening for the first time in months where I actually attended.  Tim D will be happy to learn we are contributing $2500 to the NAACP Corvallis organization.
Wednesday 22
Finished up the fig tree bed, its now up and running and ready for garlic.  I only have one bed left and that is the western bed.  Also, went over to Russell's today and started working on getting his beds ready for garlic tambien.
Thursday 23
Hb and I went to lunch at Bodhi and then we walked through downtown north and then crossed over to the community college and sat in Washington Park on the grass and enjoyed the beautiful day.  We sat in the grass for awhile and then walked west on Taylor and across 17th to OSU.  Along the way we picked up some good books in the free libraries.  Caught the bus back to the transit center at OSU and then walked back to our car in the normal spot.  We then hit the VC and TJ's and came home.
Friday 24
Started the day out by speaking to Charlie Lyon who had just gotten hip surgery yesterday and the motivation to call me was that his hip surgeon David Wiener went to Lawrenceville maybe a few years before or after me.  It was great to catch up with Charlie and reminded me of our camping trip to the Maroon Bells and playing cards the whole time in the tent and then driving home in my Chevy having the car dance to the music we were playing on the gun barrel.  Today I completed harvesting the rest of the winter squash and cucumbers at Russell's.  Then I went over to Leslie's and got a big haul of apples.  We are good for the rest of the month and then we will launch into Leonard's stash of apples.  I had a nice chat with Rusty Kuhfeld who is living at Leslie's for a month; so that was cool.  He is a smart guy doing a master's degree at OSU in their food science program.  We talked about Bioinformatics.  Then I met Simona who is our new neighbor; she seems very cool.  Hopefully it all works out and she lives there for awhile.  But she is going to fix up the house and she seems good; my worrying for awhile is over.  Hb and I sat outside late in the afternoon.  I was a gorgeous warm day, one of the final days of summer where its hot and sitting outside is lovely.  We have a sweet spot on Mother Earth.  In the evening Dan, Amy, Jorge, and Catherine came over 
Saturday 25
It was a gorgeous day, sunny and a perfect temp for the Farmer's Market followed by the Fall Festival.  It was a reduced scene this year as Monroe was not blocked off.  But they still had food vendors on the other side near the church with single music acts.  We had a nice conversation with Julia and Madison from the Farmer's market, Madison is thinking of going to Vet Tech school.  We talked to Steve Lawson about his mom living to 98 and we talked to Sandy from Coho who told us she lives at Coho but is no longer involved with them.  She is a rabble rouser.  Hb got a burrito at the Farmer's market and a cookie from Nancy for one dollar and that was our food scene for the day.  We hit the bathroom at the library which worked out great.  A gorgeous beautiful fall festival was had by all.
Sunday 26
Day 2 of lovely weather along with another stellar Fall Festival.  Today we parked at the bank on 25th and then walked south through the university to the festival.  Afterwards we shopped at Winco and the COOP on 29th and came home and made some salmon and other goodies.  In the evening we went for a short walk and had a nice long talk with Patrick, Jan, and Boyd.  Tomorrow Jan will be 76, wow !
Monday 27
It rained all day today but Hb and I got out for a walk and just as we left it started to rain, but we went anyway and it was our first day of autumn.  Up until today it has been full blast summer, sunny, no rain except for a day a week or two ago and gorgeous weather.  Today starts autumn.
Tuesday 28
Luke turned 40 today !  Tuesday market was nice today.  By the time we walked home with Renee it was way chilly almost cold.  We had a nice chat with Ken, Sabrina, Talus, Riah and at the end of the night Sole and Mahogany gave us a nice batch of mushrooms.  What a life !
Wednesday 29
David and I had a nice walk in the park.  I emailed him in the morning to see if he wanted to go for a walk today and he came over at 1pm.  He came back here afterwards, picked some figs, and hung out in the back yard with Hb and I.  It was a nice afternoon, warm, and the folks behind us, Somona and crew were working on the house but they were mellow about it.  In the evening we went for a walk and ran into Aerol who had gone back home to NM for a month and stopped by Great Basin National Park along the way.
Thursday 30
In the afternoon I cleaned up at Russell's and did one load of compost back to his place.  We had our first men's group of the season, and will walk next time in the park.  In the evening it cleared a bit and we had a nice walk around the block.


October 2021


Friday 01
Up early and James from Albin Plumbing was here before 8:30am and was gone in 30 minutes.  We had a new garbage disposal, it was as simple as that.  After lunch we went to Albany to go to Costco and then we parked on Washington and 11th and walked into town.  It was our first time parking there and walking into town.  Its been 8 years and we are still getting better at learning our way around Albany.  Afterwards we went to Rigoberto's for dinner.  It was a beautiful autumn day, crisp, clear and warm.  We got home just before dark and went for a walk around the block.  We also went to Grocery Depot, it had been a long time since we had been there, in fact it was our first time there since they shut down in Corvallis back in April I believe.  We stopped by Staples to see about laminating the native american posters we got from Mark on the side of the road at his house.
Saturday 02
Early in the morning I spoke to Bob Egerman; he called a few weeks back while we were in Coos Bay.  Hb went to the woman's march with Dev and I went to the Farmer's market and had a long talk with Larry who sells apples.  I also picked up my cider from Bina for $6.50.  She went to Katy's yesterday to do the pressing.  I also had a nice talk with Gloria and Diana.  Diana is thinking of selling her house and moving down to Mexico.  Somewhere around San Miguel or Lake Chapalla outside of Guadalajara.  Came home and finished up the driveway garden bed.  Dumped lots of dirt on there and we are ready to plant garlic.  We went for a short walk in the evening around the block.  It was one of the last warm days in the house in the evening.  Today it was hot outside for a few hours.  In the evening I listened to the Beavers beat the Washington U Huskies.  It was an amazing game.  Larry this morning at the Farmer's market motivated me to get back into the Beavs by telling me about the fact that the headcoach of the Beavs was a quarterback at OSU back in early 2000 and its kind of a cinderella story that he is back here.
Sunday 03
Today was another gorgeous, hot early October day in Oregon.  Not too many of these left, so we lapped up all of the warmth and sun, gracias a dios.  Started up the day with Hb and I busting up tons of garlic into cloves.  Then I spent most of the afternoon planting that garlic into the core west driveway garlic bed.  It went well.  I have done this enough years now that I got it down.  The key point for future reference is that you lay out the garlic first and then plant it afterwards.  This makes it real easy.  Also we did some cooking and had a nice cucumber salad.  About 4pm Hb and I went for a walk into the park and I did some running along the way.  I am completely out of shape, but its fun to run a bit and get my heart rate up.  We got home and I called Dad and then we had a small din din. 
Monday 04
Another big day started out with going to TJ's to get some snacks for the party this evening for Johng and Dan's bday.  Came home and did the western garden bed with garlic along with cooking some summer squash, apples and turkey !  After planting the garlic I started harvesting the winter squash in the marion street garden and gave a butternut to Kalesh who was doing the front landscaping at Simona's.  It was the first time I met him, but he was very cool.  At 5:30pm we walked through the park to Renee's for the big party this evening including Jaffer, Gloria, Renee, Dara, Ildi, Dan, Amy, Rich Riordan, Friendly star, Renee's boyfriend Tom, Johng, Anna, and some new musician's I had not met before.  The temps were perfect, it wasn't even slightly cold and Lief did a great job as usual tending the fire.  It was a perfect early October evening and I was in my spirit body the whole night.  The group sang the Beatles song for Michele, "Michele my Bell to serenade her off into the dark evening glow of early autumn.  We are in peace and harmony.
Tuesday 05
Woke up and dealt with the ctl class action paperwork which I completed and luckily was able to send it via email.  That was a big time saver.  It rained all day which is great news but just around 5pm it cleared and we went out for a big walk in the park and then swung back around to Coho through the cemetery and had a nice talk with Nancy Baumeister.  We had not spoken to her in literally years but it was great to catch up with her.  Afterwards we swung by the Tuesday market at dark and 7pm and caught up with Renee and Anna and walked them back to Friendly's house and then back with them to Lesley's and went home.  A good day was had by all and the evening light, sun, and beauty was glorious after a much needed day of rain.
Wednesday 06
Dealt with the Chimney Sweep at Arcadian Trail and the bottom line is I am going to get a liner inside my chimney.  Finished moving dirt to both the Fig Tree bed and a big wheel barrow to Russell's so we are done moving dirt.  Tomorrow Jim from Tack Box will top me off with dirt.  It was a nice day with some showers most of the day, but I got the dirt done and Hb made salmon and red potatoes.  Late in the day we walked through the park over to Renee's through the bottom land and hung out with Johng at Renee's house.  He had a question about his computer and then he walked us to the corner of Ryan and Alexander and we ran into Ildi.  Johng said his birthday party the other evening at 72 was one of the best birthday parties of his entire life and I would agree with his statement that it was really, really a nice party.
Thursday 07
I met Simona two weeks ago tomorrow, and she already has the outside pretty tucked in and was putting the first primer of paint on her house today after much work in the past 2 weeks.  I saw her painting the house with a spray gun by herself.  This is a story of genius, hard work, inspiration, focus, passion and plain old elbow grease.  It says a lot about the human condition and what it takes "in life" to be successful.  I have seen both sides of the coin and they are so darn obvious.  Neither side has a clue how the other side works.  It was a gorgeous day.  At 9:30am Jim from Tack Box delivered our annual load of dirt to the circle east of the driveway.  Like clockwork, and he only charged me $200 even.  I got a great deal on 8 yards of dirt / four and four.  Four yards of horse manure and four yards of fertile soil mix.  I went over to Russell's in the afternoon and helped Barbara take down her garden.   In return I got a wheel barrow full of green tomatoes.  She talked the whole time about her job life and it was fun hanging out with her.  The weather was fantastic and I planted all of my garlic there to boot.  The one garlic bed is loaded up for the winter.  Then I came home and cooked a nice lunch with the salmon from yesterday and then Hb and I went out on a walk.  We were down in the park and sat on the bench watching the whole soccer scene with all of the younger kids from Corvallis.  It was a great study in demographics of the area.  Came home and filled up a yard waste bin full of blackberries from the man cave on Jen's property.  I was inside before 7pm and a BIG day was had by all.
Friday 08
We had a great walk this afternoon over to WL, it was our first time over there in a while.  They are cranking along on the pickle ball tennis court complex and a nice trail is in place through the old trail but its not finished yet and still closed off.  I had a long talk with Pedro in the evening, our usual two hour calls.  Earlier in the day I dealt with the side yard clean up of the big old ugly weeds I won't let grow next year along with a complete apple overhaul where I went through every apple and got rid of the bad ones and moved the ones that need processed yesterday front and center for the next day or two.  Put the ready to go apples in the wheel barrow and the good apples in bags in the recycle yard waste bin.
Saturday 09
Farmer's market in the morning and a long talk with Bina.  She was feeling good and had on a nice blue sweater that her Mom made for her.  Her mom was born in 1928.  It was a nice warm day, but not too warm in anyway.  A typical fall day in Corvallis, nice and a tad bit chilly but not too much.  I spent the rest of the day hanging out with Mike Link.  Came home from the Farmer's market, had lunch, and Hb went to Dev's and then to Ildi's to clean out her garage and I walked over to Mike's house and we walked to the park.  Along the way I met his sister Nan for the first time, and from a distance saw his brother in law who was coaching the ultimate frisbee team.  We talked mainly about stocks which Mike is interested in getting into.  He is interested in some niche markets mainly canabis and psychedelics.  We sat on the bench for hours and looked over the fields and then walked back.  I got back home around 5:30pm.  Hb had a nice talk with Andrew and he delivered the ginger beer to us.
Sunday 10
Finished planting the garlic today in the fig tree bed.  So we are done and tucked in for garlic this year.  It was raining before and while I was planting the garlic.  This is a good sign.  It also rained a bit last evening over night.  JT asked me to be on the nushell core team today.  This is a big deal.  Hb and I went for a walk around the CL block and it started raining as we were talking to Ken so we dashed off to make it before the rains came.  In the evening I had a nice talk with Dad.  I learned that David got a job a couple of days back with Blackbaud.
Monday 11
Gorgeous day, up early, left the house at 9:30am.  Dropped Hb off at Keizer Station and I drove and bit and then went for a walk back into the shopping center.  At 11:30am Hb was done, and we went to lunch at our coop.  They expanded the place and we were able to sit inside and have a nice lunch.  Afterwards we went for a big walk at Minto Brown park.  We had not been there in a long time.  A great day was had by all.  We went for a walk at dusk and had a nice talk with Ashley and Luna.
Tuesday 12
Pedro came over at 10am and we gave him 2 five gallon buckets to move some rocks.  He hung out for a short time.  I did some very minor yard work today including wrapping up the hoses for the winter.  We are starting to get some frost in the morning.  Hb and I went for a CL walk around the block and skipped the Tuesday market as rain was apparent this afternoon.
Wednesday 13
It rained most of the day on and off and we did not go outside at all until our walk after we ate.  We did 2 loops on the water company road and loved the trees changing colors.  We found a black mcdonald forest t-shirt and saw Tal on the way back home.  He is going down to Cruces this winter so we spouted all about NM.  I did some compost and trash cleanup today as tomorrow afternoon I am busy.  My first nushell core meeting was cancelled at 1pm.
Thursday 14
Up early, left the house at 9:45am.  Got to Salem and I went for a short walk up the street and around.  Hb called and we were out of there and found our way over to the Willamette Center.  We just literally ran into it, the universe guided us there.  Its the old mill across from the University and we walked around the mill, talked to a weaver lady on a loom for about 15 minutes and she told us all about what they were up to and the history of the tool.  Then we had a lovely lunch at the Mill Tap Room restaurant.  It was very nice.  We got home before 3pm; just in time for Jaffer and I go to go on a walk over to Miguel's house.  The afternoon was lovely with the clouds departing and mostly sunny skies.  We love autumn.  Our walk was great !  Miguel was shorter than I imagined him to be...  He and I are about the same height.  He is a great guy, and most of our talking time surrounded food, what we like to eat, food preparation etc...  It was a wonderful afternoon.  After that I walked home and talked to Ken probably for at least an hour.  It was our longest talk ever.  His parents are going through similar stuff to Dad.  I like Ken.  He stated he was an alcoholic and is able to quit drinking for 2 months a year starting in the next couple of weeks.
Friday 15
Gorgeous day !  Today was a day of cleaning my bedroom (where I sleep)...  There was a massive pile of books in there filled with dust and cobwebs that had built up over the past years that had never been cleaned or emptied out.  So I took all of the books out to the garage and did a massive cleaning of that room including washing the sheets, and vacuuming under the entire bed.  The only part of the room that was NOT cleaned was the closet.  That will be up at a future time.  Tim Dehne stopped by in the early afternoon.  He got a nice new black Mazda car (2014).  He hung out with Hb and I for awhile, I gave him some crop, garlic, and black mission figs.  He liked the figs.  The sun was blasting on us the whole time, and it was a glorious time with him.  Afterwards I took lots of books out to the shed, some into my car to be given away, and a nice short stack back into my room.  So we are cleared out for another round of books to come in :)  Made a simple but elegant dinner of apples, finished up the local  radish greens from the spring crop that I harvested at the end of the season.  The greens are very tasty and so are the radishes.  We went for a walk late in the day and was back by dark.  It was a perfect warm autumn evening.  I called Dad around 10pm his time and we chatted for awhile.
Saturday 16
Farmer's market, we said goodbye to Bina who is heading out to Germany this week.  Came home and I walked Hb over to Ildi's where she did some work on the garage and I gave Steve some figs and spoke to him for awhile.  Then I came home and started working on a new garden bed just south of the slab.  It was partially in, but I got it squared off and dumped a bunch of new dirt on it that we got delivered about one week ago by Jim at the Tackbox.  We skipped Ildi's party this evening but on our way home from our walk saw Kathy and Michael heading over to the party.  They looked happy together; and Will was back home recovering from his 17 days in the hospital from having fluids in his lungs.  He has had a rough year in 21.
Sunday 17
We had a nice day.  Hb and I parked at VC and walked our usual walk up to the school on 11th and then back on Dixon.  We hit TJ's quickly then came home and had a nice lunch.  Hb wrapped a painting we found on the side of the road awhile back of a ship for Jason.  We then ate and walked back over to Russell's and returned the cardboard cutter we borrowed and then walked over to Michael and Cheryl's as the side beams are up for the Tuesday market shelter.  Michael gave us a tour of the beams.
Monday 18
Marie Towey was coming today so I decided to go for a nice walk over to Winco which happens to be out 4.5 miles.  I walked through Avery Park across campus, and stopped by the Valley Library to find out it was open !  Yeh...  I walked up to the fourth floor; then I kept going.  I walked down 21st and then just before Circle I walked the remainder up Kings.  I had my Catcher in the Rye book which I read all the way home.  I found it today at a street library.  Got home, and shucked over 200 fava beans and planted the entire lot in the south slab bed.  Then Hb and I did a great walk over to the Wather company and then the wetlands at WL.  Had a nice talk with Dad in the evening.
Tuesday 19
Hb went to the ceremony down at Renee's and I went to the Tuesday market and had the talk with Ken Williams I have been wanting to have with him for years.  He set me up to have the talk with a comment about a new housemate that moved in and so I launched it my talk.  It went well, he listened to me and in the end human beings have a very hard time changing.  But I told him it was important for me to have the talk; and I did.  Now my job is to be able to move on from it --- and so I have lots of work to do on my end from many different angles.  Earlier in the day we went for a short walk and then turned around and I made our turkey dish.  It was yummy as usual.  The Tuesday market was nice tambien; it was a typical autumn market; with the light fading by the end of the market and everyone in a festive mood for the upcoming Halloween season.
Wednesday 20
Hb went to get her hair cut at 1pm and I had my first nushell core meeting with JT.  Walk around the park at dusk.  Winter is here, but it was mild today.
Thursday 21
Hb went to Albany with Dev to get a massage and I went over to Russell's and cleaned out my garden bed on the north side.  I brought over a bunch of dirt from the leaf pile and it looks really nice.  It was a beautiful day !  But the rains came later in the afternoon.  So its finally starting to rain here.  Finally, we need all the water we can get actually.  So we will take, the trees and the plants will take it too.
Friday 22
Hb and I went to the Grocery Outlet for the first time in a long time to get some dried fruit items.  The last time I was there was when we went on our trip to Coos Bay.  We went to the VC and then did an autumn leaf walk down Dixon.  It was a showery day but we were out there we got no rain.  We are in full bloom in rainy autumny oregon, and the garlic is starting to pop up in the driveway garlic bed.  This is cool to see the garlic, very nice.
Saturday 23
Farmer's market on a perfect autumn day except for the fact it was a bit chilly, it was cloudy and we enjoyed the leaves and the market.  We had a nice chat with Luke.  He is going to Hawaii this winter.  Came home and went over to Renee's for the afternoon.  They were having a pre-gathering for next weeks day of the dead gathering.  Learned that Mayan's partner Susan is pregnant and that Naj's sister is not doing well with covid in the hospital.
Sunday 24
It rained all morning but by the late afternoon was cold, slightly windy and lovely outside.  I talked to Pedro in the afternoon and worked out our ballot for election day.  We walked over to mail our ballot at Lincoln School and then I came home and dealt with the apples.  I moved them into the cooler and the blue tub into the garage, and did another round of sorting them out.  Had a nice talk with Dad about his teacher who was an ambassador to Peru and grew up in ABQ.
Monday 25
It rained all day but I went outside to get leaves in the rain.  This is Day One / Day 1 of leaf collection for the season.  I got the leaves on Thompson across from Dev's house.  They are the walnut tree leaves that I get every year in front of Kurt and Jana's house.  I got the whole load in 5 trips.
Tuesday 26
The final Tuesday market was a success and rainy some.  Jorge told me to embrace the rain / and the metaphor for life (embrace everything that comes your way), otherwise you are miserable.  I paid for the chimney at Arcadian today; and got my health insurance new bill of $742 this year up from $680 last year.  But last year it went down :)  Remember, the message is to embrace it all.  Naja's sister died on Sunday from covid which she got from complications with her chemo.  It was a great day for life lessons.
Wednesday 27
Had our 2nd nushell meeting at 1pm.  Just prior to the meeting Hb and I went for a walk around the WL block.  After our meeting I got some more leaves over at Ken's house and across the street then did some raking of pine needles on the side yard.  It was just starting to rain so I got a bit wet but not too bad.  Had a nice talk with Dad in the evening.
Thursday 28
Today I was at Firestone by 10:30am for a battery for the subaru.  Walked around downtown, then stopped by the coop on the way home.  In the afternoon I got leaves on Richland around the corner from Kurt and Jana at Keith's blue house.  Then we had the men's group.  It was our first full group with everyone present this autumn as Jon was away doing soccer since we started a few weeks back.  In the late afternoon we went for a walk.  It was warm today and we ran into Patrick in his car and had a nice talk with him.
Friday 29
Up real early and outside when light was still breaking.  It was drizzling but not raining hard.  I got a big boat load of leaves from Keith's house on Richland the first house down on the south side of the street.  It was a good morning; and I saw John again who lives with the woman who walks and talks on her cell phone.  Andrew stopped by and said hi too.  he is with Jessica.  And Ken stopped by too, and told me I needed a snow shovel.  So it was fun.  At the end I saw Anna and Judy tambien.  My mantra for the day was "no me importa lo que piensan los demás".  I said that about 1000 times all morning as I was getting the leaves.  We are now in pretty good shape.  I don't need a whole lot more.  At the end of the morning I covered the eucalyptus tree with leaves and then put dirt on top of it; so it is tucked in for winter.  Came home and Hb went to the coop and I cooked my nice lunch.  Hb brought some food home and we had a nice lunch.  Then Hb went over to Dev's and I hung out.  We had a small dinner, the sun was out most of the afternoon; and I had a nice talk with Dad in the evening.
Saturday 30
Big day on the homefront.  We decided we were going out of town fairly soon; and so it was imperative that I cut the grass today and do more leaf gathering.  It all got done.  It was such a beautiful sunny warm day that I cut the grass on the next to last day of October with shorts and a t-shirt.  Now that is rock and roll.  Simona was outside and thanked me for cutting her grass too.  So she is onboard with the whole program which is fantastic.  We skipped the Farmer's market as we didn't need any food and I swung by TJ's for a few items and then went to get gas at Towne Pump.  I bought almost exactly 1/5 of a gallon which was enough gas to cut the whole lawn and there was still some gas left over for when we return to run the gas down and cut one more time.  I gathered leaves till almost dark and got Jay and Sarah's leaves and the leaves in front of Jessica and Andrew's house.  So we are very leaf happy.  Some of the leaves went on the Marion Street garden in the back so I don't have to mow the back lawn any more.
Sunday 31
Another huge day outside.  It was a gorgeous day again.  Went over to Russell's and got a bunch of leaves and buried them in the middle section of the garden, where the garlic had not been planted.  And finished up the north section, got a load of dirt from home and planted around 80 more garlic at Russell's.  He was outside working with a friend putting in a new patio or BBQ or something.  I used his small garbage can like mine with the yellow lid for trash every other week and that worked great for geting leaves too.  Saw Steve outside he was mowing his lawn and he shut off his mower if I asked him I could have his leaves.  So Russell's is tucked in for the winter.  I am done there, except maybe planting some fava beans in January.  Also planted a bunch of garlic seed on both mounds of dirt.  Both the Marion pile and our pile.  I cleaned up all of the remaining winter squash vines on Marion and dug up the weeds in the dirt pile and then planted all of the remaining garlic seeds that we had from this year.  So they are done, and I put the remaining few ones on our mound and raked out our mound as well.   It was Halloween so Hb walked around with Jan and I handed out quarters to Izzy, Juniper, Anna and her friend.  Both Patrick and Mindy and Sarah and Jay came by with their kids.  Earlier in the afternoon we hung out with Jan and Boyd and they told us all about their trip down to Phoenix and Boyd gave me some notes and a white piece of paper with both sides of different places in Nevada and Utah and Az to check out next time we are down that way.  In the evening I solidified our trip plans by realizing there is plenty of stuff to do in the Reno / Carson city area and found some nice places to stay.


November 2021


Monday 01
It rained today and in the early morning I discovered that the way to get to Susanville is from Klamath Falls and you do not have to go to Lakeview to get down to that part of Ca.  If we were heading to Winnemucca then going to Lakeview would make sense as you would want to head over Hwy 140 into Denio Jct.
Tuesday 02
Packed all day, this is actually not that much fun getting ready for our trip.  Especially the longer trips like this one.  Hb decided we should go for a walk early in the afternoon and she took her phone and our final autumn pictures with leaves.  They are in their final days, the leaves that is.  Did a major cooking effort when we came home.  It took us hours to cook.  We took a few items out to the car.  In the evening I listened to the Odd Fellows meeting, this Oddfellows thing is still a big joke to me.  But for some reason I keep doing it.
Wednesday 03
Hb and I were up and 5:30am and got out of bed at 6am.  We left the house at 9am and were in Klamath Falls by around 2:30pm.  We stopped at an outside train museum in Chiloquin and then headed into town.  We checked into our place and went to our favorite Thai restaurant downtown.  Yum !  Its the best Thai food in all of Oregon, and I am not kidding.  After dinner we walked around downtown.  These final days of light before daylight savings ends are very nice.  The drive down was magical; and I said a couple of times as we were driving that life is a mystery.  The drive was very nice.  There was hardly anyone on Hwy 58 and we caught the very end of the leaves.  Hb and I like Klamath Falls alot.  This autumn day was especially very nice.
Thursday 04
Had a late start from Klamath Falls as we had to figure out our game plan for today and the internet was down last night.  So Reno was out, but the rooms were over-priced and not the $60 as advertised (at least not at the last moment).  So we had a gorgeous drive from KFalls to Susanville.  You can see why in Susanville the town is there.  Its at the end of the valley and looks pretty much like being in Nevada.  You had to go there to see the transition.  Its gorgeous up on top of the hill but there is this long 7 mile descent into the valley and Susanville.  The drive from there to Reno was typical Nevada stuff.  Coming into Reno which is a gigantic city of about 500k people.  It looks bigger than that to me.  Hb did the drive through the 580 corridor luckily.  I am not good at that stuff.  We got to our hotel just before dusk.  So it was light when we brought all of our stuff up to our room.  We had a nice meal across the street from our hotel.  And the day was over.  The highlight of the day was the nice lunch stop at the Eagle Lake campground and then we went for a nice walk around the camp ground after lunch.  The drive the past 2 days was absolutely gorgeous.  Both days of driving was spectacular.  We especially like the KFalls area.  And the past 2 days of driving tells one why.  Because with KFalls as the center of the world.  The scenery, wilderness et all especially south of Kfalls I really liked coming into the small town of Adin.  With the autumn feeling, leaves and trees in that small town was very special.
Friday 05
Our first full day in Carson City was lovely.  The weather was perfect, warm and sunny.  We walked around the neighborhoods near our hotel and up to the governor's mansion.  Then back downtown.  What a cute little town in our vicinity.  Went back to the hotel and chilled out then had a nice Thai dinner.  It was yummy.  It was our second awesome Thai dinner in 2 of 3 nights and also some of the best Thai food we have eaten in the past 8 years since we moved to Oregon.  We get a free breakfast in the morning and then was tasty too.
Saturday 06
Early in the afternoon we headed out for a short walk around the hood and then we drove down to TJ's.  It was our first time venturing out in the car since we arrived the other day.  We headed south to TJ's and along the way bought gas for $3.69 per gallon.  We payed $3.59 for gas in Junction City so that worked out pretty well.  We saw gas in Susanville the other day for at least one dollar more per gallon.  Late last year in Junction City we paid $1.91 for gas at the height of the pandemic.  After gas I bought soap at Walmart and then over to TJ's for some staple items for our trip.  Then we hit a delicious Mexican restaurant and got the fajitas at El Charro Avitia.  From there we drove east of town for the first time out to the open spaces.  We went for a short hike and then circled back around and came back into town on Hwy 50.  We like this area alot !  Its a 2 day drive for us, and we love the desert.
Sunday 07
This evening I signed up for another 10 days at the Federal Hotel with Chris.  We get the room for around $70 per night; plus a free breakfast each morning.  So that is cool.  We are loving it here in Carson City.  We have found three really good, top notch restaurants.  The Thai place downtown, the Mexican place out near TJ's and today the sushi, dim sum place downtown.  We were looking for a place to eat on Sunday and most places were closed so we put into Yelp to show us places that were open and after going to two crappy places toward the end of our search we ran into this really good sushi restaurant with an attached Chinese restaurant.  Earlier in the day I had a long talk with Will Werner.  He was in the hospital for 17 days and has been home now for several weeks to a month.  I had not spoken to him since he went in and now he is feeling much better and so it was good to speak with him on the other side of life and his health.  Afterwards we headed out Kings Canyon and then at the end of that street found a really nice trail system adjacent to a bunch of houses.  We met Sherry on our walk who told us all about this place; the politics and the low down.  We then hit the sushi / dim sum place for dinner after a few mis-starts on our search for a suitable restaurant.
Monday 08
We drove north out of town and hit the Bower's Mansion.  We walked around there for quite some time and even walked up into the hills and saw some bear skat and the actual claw too.  It was another beautiful day in paradise.  Came back into town and had a very nice meal at an Ecuadorian restaurant called La Santaneca.  It was yummy good and the owner was very cool and spoke to us in his slow spanish.  We got back home and went for a nice short walk up Minnesota into town.
Restaurant List in Carson City in order of appearance.
* Thai: The Basil Restaurant (2)
* Mexican: El Charro Avitia (2)
* Sushi: Yang's Kitchen and Oishi
* Ecuadoran: La Santaneca (2) 2nd time was takeout
* Fox Brew Pub (2)
* Cook'd in Minden, NV
* Our Bar in Reno, NV
* Hacienda Market and Grill
* Pho Country
* Ijji Sushi 1 (not very good in Sparks)
* San Marcos Grill
Tuesday 09
It was raining in the morning and we saw a nice rainbow.  By early afternoon the sun came out but it was windy.  We went over to the soup and ice cream shop and Hb got a bowl of soup and some ice cream.  Then we drove up to Thames and walked along the border of the field and then up to Longview and then turned around and came back.  Afterwards we went to Grocery Outlet for the first time and I bought some salad stuff for dinner along with some raisins and dates.  Came home and Hb stayed in and I did our usual walk up Minnesota until it turned dark.  We like it here ALOT.  Its a nice quiet town about the size of Corvallis and provides us with blue sky and sunshine every day and is only two days away from our home in Oregon.  And the ride down here from our house is so nice.  In fact there are hardly any lights and its a two day drive :)
Wednesday 10
In the morning we went for a one hour walk and got back at 12:30pm.  I had my meeting with JT at 1pm and we went out to the Fox Brewpub for gluten free pizza and an amazing cobb salad.  Went back to the hotel and then walked around the hood till dark.  It was a nice day, and in the afternoon got real sunny and blue sky.
Thursday 11
We got up early and I was down at the breakfast by 7am for the first time since we arrived.  We left the house by 8:30am and was on Hwy 50 by 8:45am and was up at Lake Tahoe going for a hike before 9:30am.  We walked around the lake at a nice spot called Zephyr Cove.  We walked from the dock where the big boat tour goes out all the way to where the houses start.  There was the first house that had like 6 garages but was abandoned.  Then we walked over one more house and turned around.  We came into town and parked behind CVS.  We then walked down the street and into the Visitor's Bureau and met a guy by the name of Mike who was from Long Island and moved up here 33 years ago.  He has been working in the visitors center for 16 years.  He gave us some good info on the east shore of the lake and how you should turn on Hwy 28 north coming up from Carson City on Hwy 50.  That is the state park and where there are no houses.  So he gave us the low down on the place and where to go.  He said it was about a 3 hour drive around the Lake which is amazing.  We then headed down the hill into Minden and had a nice lunch at cooked.  The valley was gorgeous coming off the hill and the day was sunny and warm and lovely.  In fact, the weather was perfect.  After lunch we headed back west across the valley and north on the foothill road through Genoa back to Carson City.  Hb and I got home and went out for a walk until 4:30pm.  The afternoon was perfect.  I got on my men's group call at 4:30pm but no one showed up, and Hb said that was OK so I will go with her advice and drop it.  I had a long talk with Michael who is the general manager of the Federal Hotel.  He told me about the 28 night break of no lodging tax.  I am getting the 10 day deal that Chris worked out for me.
Friday 12
Today was Virginia City day.  It was one of those abundant sunshine days, meaning just shy of 70 and sunny all day.  Virginia City is an interesting place to say the least.  We started out at the church and had a nice talk with Mike who was volunteering in the museum.  From there we walked around downtown and had 3 scoops of ice cream each, yummy and I did not feel shitty from a sugar high.  That held us over to dinner time.  We hit the Thai place just shy of 4:30pm.  Michele had a nice talk with the owner and we had a big meal of Thai salad and Pad Thai and two orders of rice.  When we walked home it was chilly and just turning dark and the final light at the top of the mountain reminded us of Nuevo Mexico.
Saturday 13
Was down at breakfast before 10am and afterwards we went to a church bizarre where we met a lady who told us that south reno was only 20 minutes away and so off we went to reno.  we had a great day and parked at the highschool near the river walk and walked along the truckee river to downtown where we ate a nice meal at "our bar".  On the way back to our car we had a nice walk.  It was a perfect, warm sunny day and I had on shorts and a t-shirt so I was happy.  We got home just before dark and bought gas for $3.59 at the Sinclair station who seems to have the best deal on gas at this time.
Sunday 14
We ate breakfast downstairs and for the first time Hb had oatmeal for breakfast.  We left a $5 tip.  The folks who work at the hotel, bust their butt and are extremely nice people all around.  This is a good place !  We drove east on 5th street and hiked in the Prison Hill area.  We met Joel Flamenbaum (joel9728@yahoo.com); 95 Dean Court [775.750.4888].  Afterwards we went to the Hacienda Market and Grill for the 1st time.  We had fun and had cookies for dessert; just like back in the good ol days in Ecuador.  Amazingly enough they did not bother me; lucky !...  Spoke to Dad in the evening and prior to that we went out on a walk up our usual Minnesota.
Monday 15
Yet another interesting day.  After noon we headed out on our walk and ran into a house that we looked at.  Mahla and her mom who was 91 lived in the house and they moved in to it in 1969 and have done nothing to the house since then.  The house on 1/3 acre was selling for $848k.  Actually a great deal if you want to deal with a house that was built in 1872.  They used to own the whole city block but sold off 1/2 of the block in the 90's.  We had dinner at the pub with gluten free pizza and a cobb salad.  We got home at dark.  Today was cloudy but warm.
Tuesday 16
On the weather site they call days like this "abundant sunshine".  We woke up this morning and it was blasting sunny outside.  At 9am they came by to clean our room for the first time since we arrived here on Thursday November 4.  We went downstairs and had a nice breakfast and by the time we were back the room was clean and the folks cleaning it were gone.  From there we went up to Ash Canyon Road and went for a big hike up the canyon.  Towards the end of our walk we walked down into the canyon and checked out the water and the trees.  We now know the best way to get down there.  Came back into town and Hb went to get ice cream.  We also went into the antique store and checked it out.  The guy had an old map of the US from 1854 and he wanted $1300 for it.  It was a cool store.  Came home and had our salad with the humus and yogurt, avocado and raisins and coleslaw.  I called the lady this morning whose house we went to yesterday and told her we were not interested in it because it was too big.  In reality we did not want a house built in 1872 with no double pane windows and no insulation under the house or any where for that matter.  That was from before the time of insulation and the folks who were selling the house bought the house in 1969 and had not done one thing to it since they moved in.  In fact the carpet in the living room was the same carpet they had when they moved in. Today is Bruce Berk's birthday and I sent him a nice email.
Wednesday 17
We had our nushell meeting today and it went well.  I also got the append command PR up and running.  This took me over a week.  Hb and I went over to the University called Western Nevada College here in Carson City for the first time and we had dinner at a Vietnamese restaurant that was pretty good called Pho Country.  Dad is taking an AI class and he got the gist of what AI is all about.  At 89 he is rocking and rolling in life and in his intellectual career.  Its really cool to see Dad at the peak of his game in many ways including the investment club, the book club, the bridge club etc...  Not to mention all of his Osher classes tambien.
Thursday 18
Today we did our laundry around noon and we were done by 1:30pm.  The laundromat was very nice.  We washed one load of clothes in the front loader for $8 and the dryers were free.  There was hardly anyone there and we went for a short walk tambien.  We would come back here again to do our laundry.  Just down 5th street east a bit and you are there.  Afterwards we came home and chilled out for awhile, had some salad at home for dinner and then went out for a nice walk at dusk.  Our room number in Carson City is room 420 at the Federal Hotel.  Chris is our main contact guy and Michael is the GM (General Manager).  We got the 35% discount after 10 days for around $70 per night.  There is also a break in no lodging tax if you stay 28 days.
Friday 19
River Fork Ranch Genoa, Nevada birthday hit.  It was a gorgeous day in the Carson River Valley.  Genoa was the first white man human settlement in Nevada in 1851 and Hb and I went into the oldest bar there after our hike.  We found the Pink House restaurant and had a lovely dinner there.  Earlier in the day we stopped at Target for water and on our way swung by TJ's for our final round of food shopping at TJ's on this trip.  This is our 2nd time to TJ's since our arrival. 
Saturday 20
Breakfast in the restaurant; hang for awhile and then in the mid afternoon we went out to the Carson River parked, and then proceeded on to the Golden Eagle Open Space.  We walked to the gate and then turned around.  We could have kept going but we were good.  We had a nice dinner at our favorite mexican restaurant in carson city.  We got the fajitas and the side order of a dinner salad with guacamole.  I had a nice talk with Dad when we got home.
Sunday 21
My 61st birthday was quiet and peaceful.  I heard from Scott, Susie, Sharon, Jan and Boyd, Iris and had a nice talk with Dad last evening and this evening upon our return home from Reno and Sparks.  We had a nice sushi meal, went to Dillards, and that was about it.  It was a gorgeous sunny day.  A perfect bday from that respect.  Hb and I are doing well and loving each other more than we ever have in terms of respect and getting along.  Its a good life.  I told Susie this evening in my communication that all we have is this moment.  So enjoy it !
Monday 22
Today we went down to Stephanie Lane south of town and drove all the way to the end where there is a BLM kiosk for the Pine Nut Mountains.  We hung out there for quite awhile and then we headed over to Grocery Outlet for some salad stuff and then to the Salvadoran Restaurant for some pupusas arepas.  We brought them home and had a yummy dinner.  Spoke to Liz on Zoom after dinner and had a nice chat.  She has been in Santa Fe since the beginning of October and is thinking of going to Israel on Dec 7 for one month.  It was an absolutely sunny gorgeous day here.
Tuesday 23
What happened on this day 48 years ago ? That is the big question...  Another beautiful day in Paradise.  By the time we got outside and went for our walk it was sunny and warm.  We still needed our long pants but a jacket was not necessary.  We are going to miss this lovely weather, and November is perfect weather in Carson City no doubt.  We had a nice day.  We walked to the end of Telegraph, then Richmond to Calaveras to Bunker Hill to Lexington and Saratoga and then circled back home.  We hung out in the car for a bit and then drove over to see if our favorite Chinese and Sushi restaurant is open; and they are replacing the floors but it will be open next week (oh well).  We were going to go over to get Hb some ice cream but instead swung by the capital grounds and luckily got to go inside and go to the assembly and also the museum of Nevada on the 2nd floor.  Carson City had a mint here for a short time and those coins made from that mint are very valuable.  Afterwards we went to have a nice late lunch at the San Marcos Grill.  We had chicken fajitas and french fries and lots of chips and salsa.  I like this place alot, but Hb thinks the other mexican restaurant is better.  We came home after dinner and I went out for a short walk later.
Wednesday 24
Hb and I went for a walk before my meeting with the nushell team.  We walked up 5th and then checked out the neighborhood over there.  After my meeting we got Vietnamese food and brought it back to the room with avocados. It is starting to cool off after 3pm so our walk was chilly but beautiful.  Had a nice talk with Dad in the evening.
Thursday 25
We got to Thanksgiving right around 3pm and Chelsea seated us right away in our favorite booth next to the kitchen and on the other side of the wall which is a very convenient location during covid times.  The meal could not have been better and Hb and I were really happy.  It was as good or better than Larks.  In my whole life I believe the only time I ever went out for dinner for Thanksgiving is with Hb in Ashland at Larks and now in Carson City at the Black Bear diner.  Earlier we walked around the Mountain St hood just north of Washington.  After our meal we came up to the room briefly and then did our evening walk up Minnesota.  We spoke to one of the neighbors who told us indeed there is a bear who walks down the street along with a mama bear and her cubs.  Pretty cool.  At the beginning of our trip we saw some bear skat so we got a confirmation this evening that it was real.
Friday 26
Our final day in Carson City (cc) was super fantastic.  The weather was superb, and by the time we got outside for our afternoon walk it was downright HOT.  Here we are at the end of November and we are walking along almost sweating from the heat.  We love it here.  We completed our loop today (so to speak).  We parked on the Carson River (for the first time) just before the bridge after making that right turn off 5th and heading up Carson River Road.  We walked along this side of the river past the Mexican Ditch Dam all the way to the gate we were at last Saturday November 20.  Its soo cool we made it to that gate.  We wanted to complete the circuit and by golly gee we did.  Stopped off for some gas to top of the tank and then got our Pupusa's at the Salvadorean restaurant came home and finished off our lettuce salad mixture.  Those pupusas are a yummy meal.  After our dinner we did our final walk in Carson City and our final traditional evening walk around our hood.  We walked over to the Governor's mansion and checked out the beautiful christmas lights and decorations.  We saw some other nice lights as well along the way and going home.  The evening was superb.  Not too cold like previous nights but just right for walking at the end of November in CC.  Earlier in the day in the morning after breakfast I went down to the car and got the car straightened up and threw away a bunch of stuff we have collected over the past month.  Chris printed me out a bill for our stay here.  He is a good guy.
Saturday 27
Hb woke me at 3:30am so I had a rough night from then on and I finally got out of bed at 6:30am.  We had our final breakfast.  I had the usual hash browns and skipped the biscuit and the ham and cheese omelette.  We gave our $5 tip and were gone.  We will miss Carson City and the Federal Hotel and the people who worked there but we won’t miss the food.  We left Carson City at 9am, hit the freeway at 9:20am as we hit every light out of town and we were all the way through Reno by 10am and way out in the country in one hour at 10:20 am.  Carson City is very cool !  And being able to blow through Reno on an early Saturday morning and be all the way on the other side of Reno in way less than one hour is impressive.  The drive from that point to Alturas was gorgeous, sunny, warm and uneventful.  I think we stopped once on the side of the road for a minute and Hb drove most of the way.  Rory the owner checked into the Rim Rock and we were at the Basque Brass Rail at 1:45pm as the bar tender told us the kitchen closed at 2pm.  We got in the last order.  The oil and vinegar salad dressing was amazing and we had a turkey burger tambien.  Afterwards we drove around town a bit and then headed over to the Modoc National Wildlife Refuge and found the visitor center and walked from there out into the refuge a bit.  It was absolutely stunningly beautiful.  Words can not describe the physical beauty of that afternoon walk in the refuge.  The Warner Mtns to the east with a bit of snow on top of them and the western skies and way in the distant Mount Shasta I believe.  I will have to confirm that with a local next time we are there.  We then drove a bit more out of town on County Road 56 to the casino where we bought some gas.  Came home and the internet was down so we had a quiet evening at home and I read by book by Michael Crichton. 
Sunday 28
I got up early and edged open the blinds while Hb slept.  The view to the east and the Warner Mtn’s were lovely.  The Rim Rock Motel is the place to stay and Rory is the owner.  He took over the place 16 years ago probably from his mom who probably got everyone out there.  Hb got up and I did a nice walk towards town.  Just past the Brass Rail which is the Basque restaurant where we had lunch yesterday is a street called North East Street.  I took that street into town and meandered around past the Fish and Wildlife Department.  Next time I go back I will explore further.  Alturas is very nice and there is a grocery outlet tambien.  We took our time, had a nice breakfast of oatmeal in our room and then headed out of town.  Just before Lakeview we stopped and made a left turn into the valley and stopped on the side of a dirt road and hung out with the cows and the sun and walked a bit, meditated and enjoyed the morning.  It was gorgeous, sunny and Hb and I were very happy and in our peace.  Came into town and went to our favorite restaurant in town which is called the Tall Town Cafe and Bakery.  We got a lot of food including a big salad, a big bowl of chile and a nice hamburger.  We also got a salad with the burger because the fryer for the french fries was broken.  The owner of the restaurant was very cool and we enjoyed our meal, the ambiance and being in LakeView.  We drove by our hotel the Fremont Inn and we will be back.  On the way out of town we filled up with gas at the Chevron.  Gas was $3.85, and yesterday in Alturas we bought gas at the casino for maybe a bit less.  It was $3.75 at the Towne Pump in La Pine and we needed exactly 4 gallons of gas.  So its 4 gallons of gas between Lakeview and LaPine.  Hb drove most of the way and I drove the last hour and at mile marker 22 we pulled off the highway to the right and drove back a bit into the forest and then walked inside the forest for awhile.  The light was starting to fall and there isn’t much light this time of year so we headed into town, checked into the Best Western, Tina took care of us last evening on the reservation and tonight when we checked in.  The Grocery Outlet was where we went after checking in and then we got a bit of food there and came back to our room.  We came back home, to a place we may have been at least twice or more.  Got to check out this log for more details.
Monday 29
Final day of trip was flawless.  We got up early, had our breakfast at the hotel and was out the door before 9am.  We didn't stop at all until we got to the Safeway in Jct. City where Hb had her coffee at Starbucks and I bought gas.  It was about 3.3 gallons or at $3.59 per gallon $12.15.  We filled up in La Pine the night before.  Got home at noon.  Took my car for a spin.  Went to the PO, stopped by the Coop for food and went for a big walk around the park all before 4:30pm.  I had a nice talk with Dad in the evening.  We had a great trip.  Thanks to everyone who helped make this possible !
Tuesday 30
Hb and I went food shopping at TJs and did some laundry and went for a nice walk around the block after a yummy salmon dinner from TJs.  It was a very warm evening and today was in the 60s.


December 2021


Wednesday 01
Gorgeous sunny day.  In the afternoon we went over to the Peoria market and picked up a round of winter squash.  Afterwards Hb went over to Dev's to hang out and I did some garden work.  Had our weekly today with JT.
Thursday 02
Another nice day here.  Not as sunny but kinda sortof warm.  Did the back yard gutters round 2.  Doing them twice is the key.  Also pulled out of the stubs from the sunchokes near the mailbox.  I like this annual tradition of pulling that stuff down.  I also like the annual tradition of going away for the month of November.  I am so happy we got to pull off that trip, mazel tov !  Today we met our new neighbor Ali.
Friday 03
Hb and I went to the PO to mail a letter for Hb and then over to Hb's bank to deposit a year end check.  Walked from Walmart around our block over there, stopped by VC and came home and made dinner.  Afterwards at dark we went for a walk around the block.  It was clear and cold and Jupiter was gigantic in the sky at sunset along with Saturn and Venus.
Saturday 04
Hb and I went downtown as there was a final special holiday farmer's market.  the weather was real cloudy and chilly but not real cold.  we walked around the market, then walked downtown some, and then Hb had some beans at Laughing Planet.
Sunday 05
Peter picked us up at noon and we went to the Cavalry church on Lester Ave and met Terri Hellesto and her husband Larry and picked up Anyaa and took her out to Suzanne and Joe's house.  The last time we were out there was Sep 13, 2020 for Anyaa's 80th birthday.  At that time Anyaa was still driving as she came over to our house and we drove her out there.  We had a nice afternoon.  We learned they bought the 3 acres next door for Sharon, Joe's mom.  They were just getting started on the plans to build the house, but nothing has been done yet.  We took Anyaa back to her house and was home just before dark.  We went out for a walk and ran into Doug and Jamie and we spoke to them for awhile.
Monday 06
At 2:30pm we went over to Lincoln School for a tour of the new school.  Barbara, sister-in-law of Russel and Diane, Pedro's neighbor were both in our group.
Tuesday 07
Hb wasn't feeling good so I took her dentist appt and she will do mine on Dec 21.  The cleaning went well and I was home by 11am.  In the afternoon I got leaves from Jason, and cleaned out the shed and pulled out all of the christmas stuff.  Hb set up the fake Christmas tree this year and it looks beautiful.  In the evening we had our Odd Fellows Meeting.  I believe yesterday was the anniversary of Kami's birthday. 
Wednesday 08
Got a message today from Kathleen Stursa inviting folks to gather for their Christmas party but stated clearly in the email that folks without boosters would not be able to attend.  A sign of the times, which I have not mentioned much at all in these notes but found it humorous enough to put it here.  Had a nice winter walk around the WL block.  It was cold, but we were dressed appropriately and so we enjoyed the light, the geese, the time of year, the love that surrounds us and the beautiful planet we live on.
Thursday 09
This morning I got an email from David Mayfield.  He invited me over to his house at noon for rice, beans, and homemade tortillas.  Afterwards Lottie, David and I went out for a walk.  On the way home I filled up the gas tank with premium gas.  Came home and got the final little pile of leaves at the end of Marion that Paul had placed there prior to them taking off for awhile in the winter.  I dumped them at the back of the adjacent dirt pile.  Hb and I went out for a walk, and then I did some leaf raking in the back yard.
Friday 10
Hb and I went for a walk around the park in the afternoon.  It was a cold cloudy day in Corvallis, but the walk was glorious.  Along the way we ran into yawn who talked our ear off for a bit.  We like Yawn.  Earlier in the day around 10:30am I went to the grocery stores including Grocery Outlet.
Saturday 11
Today is one of those days where it just rains all day long.  They don't happen that often but when they do they are classic oregon days which don't happen in too many other places.  I was scheduled to talk to Larry at 12:30pm but he bailed on me about an hour before it was supposed to happen, so hopefully we will talk sometime in the next week.
Sunday 12
So today was kind of interesting day.  I got up early and did a big walk.  The usual up Bethel to the park, and then all the way to the end of WL and back home.  Then I did some raking outside.  Dev came over so I made lunch for her and Hb.  Then I spoke to Eli Scavron for awhile and Ilid, Renee, Anna came over to watch a video. 
Monday 13
Wrote an obit this morning for Scott Williams brother Greg who got sick from Covid and lapsed into a coma a few weeks back.  May his memory be a blessing.  We left the house at 10:10 and Hb went to get her massage with Bonnie Lee at 11am.  I went over to the Target mall and walked around and found out about iphones.  Came back to Bonnie's house and then Hb and I went over to the grocery depot and then had a nice mexican lunch at Rigobertos.  It was a cold snowy in the morning / rainy day and very cold and wet.  We got home and did not go back out for a walk as it was just too crappy outside.
Tuesday 14
Johng showed up today around 10:30am and he was he for a number of hours.  He bought a new iphone and I gave him an iphone lesson.  He brought us some apple juice and he made some toast at our house.  Afterwards Hb and I went for a walk around WL.  Came home and did some minor outside work on the compost.  Hb briefly went over to Ildi's but returned home quickly.  In the evening I spoke to Eli again.
Wednesday 15
Hb went to see Marie today around 10:30am.  She got home around 3pm and we went for a walk around the block.  We walked with Judy for a bit as we ran into her in front of her house.  Its winter and its cold outside.
Thursday 16
Hb and I went for a walk over to the country club and we walked around the hood and the course and then down into the cemetery.  It was a nice dry day and not too cold.  We came home and I raked the remainder of the leaves in the backyard and then I had a nice talk with Jim Sigman.  We got in a full call, first on his cell phone, and then on zoom.  The internet was down initially and so that is why we talked on the phone first.  Scott got married last weekend.  He met his wife the last night he was in Dublin on a trip there with Sam in 2013.  He moved her out to the Bay area soon after and they did a justice of the peace marriage in 2015.  She converted to Judiasm.  It is quite the story to say the least.  Hb and I met Ellen in Florence, OR upon Sam's graduation from U of O.
Friday 17
Great day !  It was sunny, clear, and a bit cold but not over the top.  Hb and I started out the day by heading out to the Peoria market to get some more winter squash, onions, and beets.  We are pretty topped off with winter squash for this year, which is cool because we were gone for one month and have only been out there two times.  Afterwards we went to Fred Meyer and did Hb's picture of the Ank, followed by Office Depot to print out the USAA Id card, TJ's, and the coop.  I came home and got the lawn mower started up.  I had to tilt it a bit to get the gas in the little funnel thing, but it started up and I cut the front lawns and a bit on Marion and then it died out for the winter and the gas was gone.  See you in March :)...  Hb and I went for a walk around the block and saw the little kids who are Malachai's sisters whose names are Hatti and Elsie.
Saturday 18
So we had a big walk in the morning around WL.  Boyd stopped by prior to us leaving telling us that later in the day a "atmospheric river" was coming our way.  And so the whole day we waited for the big storm to arrive.  And as I write this note just around 8pm it is raining pretty good.  The storm got here just around dark.  We had a very nice salmon dinner around 2pm and then we took a bath at dark.  I had a nice talk with Dad at our usual time and per usual he turned me on to some really cool ideas.  He is the only person in my life who guides me forward on numerous topics.  My dad at 89 is my guiding light including areas of finance and world politics.  I am blessed in many ways but this is clearly yet another person in my life who for the past 61 years has been the most influential.
Sunday 19
We never left the house today and we got more than 2 inches of rain.  I had a nice talk with Rand and Tessie.  Sima got a new job getting paid slightly over 60k a year up from 40k.  Hb cleaned the house.
Monday 20
It rained all day, day 2.  I believe this is the first time I have seen it rain nonstop for two days in a row in awhile.  Anyway, there was a short window and Hb and I went for it around noon.  It only rained at the very end of our walk.  We went to check on the river and it was at level 8, last year I saw it at 16 so it was higher today than last year.  We ran into Prem, who is Phoenix's friend and he told us about the multiverse and how the big bang is just one bubble in the bigger picture.
Tuesday 21
Worked all day.  Went out for a walk and walked to the end of Wake Robin and saw the Mary's river cresting very close to the guys house at the end of the street.  We could see the Mary's River.  We decided not to go to the Solstice walk tonight, as it was pretty wet outside.  Had it been completely dry we may have gone.
Wednesday 22
I had a very nice hour long talk with John Zeuli this morning.  I was on and excited and he was feeling good tambien.  Jan stopped over and brought us some goodies for Christmas and then I had our nushell meeting with JT.  Afterwards Phoenix stopped by and he hung out at our house for awhile.  I gave him money for apple cider which Johng turned me on to last week.  Then we went for a walk and stopped by Phoenix's to pick up the juice as he had none in his car.  We walked around the apartment across from the cemetery block and got home.  It was a nice evening, not too cold but a bit wet; but it didn't get in our way.  I completed my IBond purchases for this year, thanks to Dad's advice.  The interest rate for this 6 month period is slightly north of 7%; caused mainly by rapid inflation recently.
Thursday 23
Today was a dry day and so we got up early and went shopping.  We did the circuit and picked up a bunch of food for Pedro's on Saturday and bought Jan and Boyd a nice olive oil from the coop for Christmas.  It is Aptera, which is the olive oil Peter used to get all the way back when I was there in Silver City.  It is good olive oil.  Came home and worked outside till dark.  I did the apples, which I hadn't even looked at since returning home from Carson City.  So I tucked them away well at the end of the season because a lot of them are still really good.  Amazing.  Hb and I went for a walk around the block and we saw Steve walking his dogs and wished him a merry christmas.
Friday 24
I did my sheets today on Christmas eve.  It rained all day but we went out for a short walk in the rain.  Steve stopped by briefly with some holiday cookies and Hb went to Market of Choice to buy a pumpkin pie.  Yesterday I had a nice long talk with John Zeuli and tomorrow we got Peter's house with Mike Link and Cathy.  We were in Carson City for a month and got back on Monday November 29.  This was my log entry for sheets.  Also I had a nice chat today with Darren on our team.  He lives in Hot Springs, Ar.
We may get some cold weather and snow next week.  In the evening Dad and I had a great conversation about his family.  See email from this date for more details.  I told him at the end of the conversation that it satisfied my Christmas Eve time with him many years ago when we used to close up the store after everyone went home; and bring home the cookies :)
Saturday 25
Cooking all day and got a bit of work done.  I took 5 dishes over to Pedros including salad dressing, lettuce, broccoli and mushrooms which I bought at TJ's, a garnish or apples, garlic, onions, carrots along with a nice winter squash and beet dish.  Pedro made roast beef and white sweet potatoes, and mike and kathy link brought a nice appetizer along with sparking apple cider and cookies and ice cream for dessert and M&M's to top it off.  It could not have been a more perfect beautiful evening.  It was the first time we were all ever over at Pedro's house for a dinner and the wood stove was perfect.  We left Pedro's house and it was snowing.  A perfect Christmas with love and good cheer, good energy and good feelings were had by all.
Sunday 26
Woke up to a big bunch of white stuff out our windows.  In fact early in the morning it looked kind of light outside so I went over to the big windows and wow ! it was a ton of snow.  I went out last evening after we got home from Peter's house and it was lightly snowing.  But this morning was a big surprise.  Around 12:30pm Hb and I did a big walk in the park.  We saw Otmar along the way.  It was a nice day, and the only minor glitch is we don't quite have the right shoes but that is OK as it doesn't snow that much here.
Monday 27
Woke up to another 3 or 4 inches.  Oh my gosh !  This is the most snow I have ever seen in my life in Corvallis.  The one big snow that did happen was in December 2013 and we were back home in Placitas packing up our stuff to move to Oregon in March of 2014.  At around 12:30 we went for another walk around the park.  Same story as yesterday.  Along the way, we ran into Jim our friend from Coho many years ago.  He remembered our names but Hb had to ask him what his name was, I had forgotten as well.  Jim is a good guy !  We always have a good connection with him when ever we see him.  The snow is beautiful.  Standing in the middle of the soccer fields and looking at it is pretty magical, cold and a reminder of being grounded.  We came home and had our turkey dinner with tortillas.  We have dramatically cut back on our tortilla intake.  And that is a good thing.  David Mayfield told me today about the river in Spain called the Bridge over the Guadalquivir River in Baeza.  Its a small world because as I was reading Machado's poem Caminos the one word that stuck out to me was Guadalquivir.
Tuesday 28
Today we went over to Kathleen and Scott's house at 1pm.  The weather was nice and not raining or drizzling when we left.  On the way home it was misting.  We had fun at their house and at the end Scott took me back to his room and we looked at some of his shots of the Florida Nature Conservancy west of Tallahassee.
Wednesday 29
So today was a rather interesting day.  I started out the day with a two hour talk with Bill and Michele.  I had not spoken to them in 2 years as I don't believe we spoke last year.  It was a great talk and we were all on board and in good spirits.  Afterwards Hb and I had some lunch and then I did my weekly call with JT.  After that Hb and I stopped by the coop and then we headed out to Peoria market to get some more winter squash, beets, and onions.  This is becoming another place I go for food.  Its now pretty much officially on our circuit which is kind of cool.  After that we went out to the church, parked and did our usual walk down the road to the bridge.  It was COLD.  Luckily the wind was NOT blowing; otherwise it would have been really cold.  Came home and had another meal and then Hb headed out with Dev to Ildi's for their current spiritual group meeting.
Thursday 30
I had a long talk with Ken and then Hb and I went food shopping.  It was raining when we came out of TJ's so after shopping there we came home.  We hit the Grocery Outlet prior.  We got home and it was kind of a bit sunny so we went out for a walk and ran into Phoenix so we went for a walk with him around our WL loop.  It rained some on our walk and Phoenix gave us one of Dev's chocolates that she made over Christmas.  The candy was extra special yummy.  Pat sent Hb a big envelope full of pictures, death certificates and Pauline's army discharge notices etc so we had fun looking through that stuff.
Friday 31
The final day of the year !  The year is now officially a wrap, good job. you made it through another year.  Now time to start to review, close the chapter and figure out the next year thing.  Hb and I ended the year on a super fantastic note.  We left the house and it was drizzling, but by the time we got to Buena Vista it was getting close to gorgeous.  We parked at the church and a lady who came out to her car asked if she could help us.  She was leaving and wanted to make sure we weren't somehow wanting to go into the church.  I asked her if it was OK if we parked there and then wished her a happy new year.  Hb and I did the same thing as last time.  We walked down to the ferry ramp and saw it on the other side.  Then walked up the park and walked back down to the water.  And then meandered our way up to the top o the hill at the cemetery.  It was now sunny and a warm 38 degrees :)  But Hb found a nice seat on a rather modern tombstone whose last name was Booth and we sat there for along time and tuned into to all of the souls in the cemetery.  Hb and I were ready to join them and were just about to be swept away to heaven when we regrounded ourselves; came out of our cemetery meditation and landed.  It was a great trip !  Got home and had a nice new year's dinner and talked to dad and wished him a happy new year.  Also checked in with Pedro.  He will pick us up tomorrow at around 10am to go over to Mike and Kathy's.