January 2022


Saturday 01
Rock and roll and the new chapter has been opened !  Pedro picked us up at 10am and we went over to Mike and Kathy's.  I made a nice pot of hot cereal millet style with apples, winter squash, raisins and coconut.  We left at 2pm and came home and went for a walk around the Lilly block.  It had been quite a while since we did that one.  Came home and I made my famous New Year's Day polenta and turkey.  Yum, but not that yum.  And so went the first day of 2022.
Sunday 02
The second day of the year was spent first at Winco buying tortillas and oatmeal and then over to MLK park to walk around the new area called Ponderosa Ridge.  We learned late afternoon that Ben had died.  He was the 24 year old from Chile who was friends with Jason and Malachai and we met him flying his drone one or two summers ago.  He died of a seizure Malachai told us this evening as he was riding his skate board.
Monday 03
It rained all day and I went out for a walk around WL.  On the walk luckily it did not rain much.  Prior Hb and I went to the coop and I bought some tofu and we returned some sausages Hb had bought in the morning which were plant based and had gluten in it.  When I got back from my walk I ran around the hood and cleaned out the drains.
Tuesday 04
It rained all day today, this was day 2 of all rain, no break.  At 5:30pm we headed downtown to go to odd fellows and pay our dues to Charlie Carmichael.  He was there along with Merna and her husband David.  We paid our dues and then went for a walk around downtown.  It was not raining much as we walked around downtown.  We got home and I hopped on Zoom for Oddfellows.
Wednesday 05
So this was the THIRD day in a row where it literally rained all day long without a break.  I have NEVER seen this before here.  But still, I went out for a big walk today at 4:30pm and got home at just before 6pm.  I walked over to WL and then looped back all the way through the park.  The island in the middle of the river was pretty much completely covered and the river level was past all of the cement markers and was to the sign at the end.  So it is about to bubble over, but it is not quite there yet.  We had our meeting today and that went well.
Thursday 06
Hb and I went for a walk before dusk at around 4pm.  It was warm and no rain.  First time this week with no rain.  We ran into Will Werner at the park entrance and walked with him back to Kathy's house, then turned around and walked back to the water company and circled our way home.
Friday 07
This morning we did laundry and then at noon I drove over to Pedro's and helped him pack his bike into his car.  He is leaving tomorrow morning for Ca. and Hi. and will be back on March 7, mas o menos.  He also showed me exactly where the key was just "in case" I need it.  So I found the key, tried it, and put it back in a plastic bag in the same place.  Went home and at around 2pm Hb and I went for a walk down to the boat ramp.  For the first time this year it was flooded out at just around 25 feet.  I have never known this number before.  Massive flooding occurs at 30 feet.  The island was also completely submerged across from the water company.  It was a nice sunny, mild afternoon.  We ran into Joe from Pitt as well as Yawn who walked with us for the length of the park.  So we had fun hanging out with him too.  We came home and Hb made us sausages, actually the bratwursts which were yummy in my tummy. 
Saturday 08
Hb and I had a very nice day in Brownsville.  It was sunny gorgeous and not cold.  We parked downtown and walked out to the cemetery.  It was lovely.  We hung out on the bench at the cemetery for along time and then walked back into town and had a nice lunch for the first time at the Mexican restaurant.  We got home just at dusk and skipped going to Lebanon to shop at the Grocery Depot as it was getting late.  We tried the back way on Tangent road but there was high water at the Calaopooia River so we turned around went back to 99E.
Sunday 09
We went shopping at TJ's and Grocery Outlet and came home and went for a walk.  On the way home from our walk we ran into Tim Dehne who was driving down our street and he came over for his 70th birthday dinner party.  This was a last minute call on everyone's part but it worked out great.  He stayed till 9pm.  Earlier in the day Phoenix came by and then I remembered it was Tim's birthday so we both left him a happy birthday message and that triggered the whole day of festivities.
Monday 10
On our walk today we saw our friend Paul who we met at the Salmon bake at OSU and for the first time met his wife Diane.  She is going to Mexico next week and told us that if she tests positive for covid while down there her place will give her a free room while she is in lockdown.
Tuesday 11
Hb and I went for a walk and got home at dusk.  The sun is staying out a bit longer.  We got home and watched a dumb movie about a guy who saw 3 ghosts from previous girlfriends and turned around and got the idea behind life.  In the morning I went for a short walk to the end of the street.  It was actually nice outside and it was the first time I was able to actually go outside in the morning and hang out for a bit.  It was relatively warm, which is a good sign spring is on the way (early).  Got a note from Pedro he arrived safe and sound in Oh!Hi.  JT flew home today via San Francisco and Chicago.  Bina is back from her vacation to Germany and wants to get together to get her seeds.
Wednesday 12
It was a beautiful day.  In the morning before my JT meeting I went for a walk down the street.  It was like almost 60 degrees and I ran into Jessica and Andrew and we spoke for awhile.  Also, Iris contacted me re: Dad and his password kerfuffle with yahoo and how we have to change his password cause Kristen Jackson got an spam email for dad to move some cashola.  Hb and I went for a walk in the afternoon and we ran into Gwen and Bob who live on the corner of Park and Goodpark and we talked about NM.  Also I had our JT meeting today but JT was jetlagged so it was everyone except him.  Andres led the meeting today which was kind of cool for me.  In the evening I spoke to Luke about IBonds et al.
Thursday 13
Spent a lot of time hanging out with Patrick today.  He came over early in the day and then later with his computer which fell on the ground.  He is doing well.  They are going to the mountains this weekend and Kauaii in February.  Afterwards Hb and I went food shopping and scored some tubs of greens at Grocery Outlet which is our new goto store for greens this winter.  Came home and went for a short walk around the block.  In the morning spoke to Larry and we got Dad's email account back up and running.  It was a bit of a nightmare yesterday with Iris and figuring out the best way forward.
Friday 14
Kind of a big day.  Bina came by at dusk and I handed off her seeds she sent me in the mail for Christmas.  While she was here Patrick stopped over to check in about a HDMI cable.  Hb went to Dev's today for a nice lunch with Anna.  I went for a walk before Bina arrived.
Saturday 15
We walked past Angelica's house and did that loop.  They finally tore down the house next to her that had been rotting for years.  This is good news for the neighborhood in general.  They are coming through with actually doing the teardown.  It started out kind of cloudy but by the time we ended our walk there was more light.
Sunday 16
Crappy cold foggy. But we went for our first walk this year on our favorite Smith Loop and we had polenta and turkey for dinner yum.  Also watched an old Jennifer Aniston movie which was cute.  Big time into Nella.  Starting her on prayer number 4.
Monday 17
So the weather today was super good compared to yesterday.  Even ask Mark and Joey and they will agree.  We walked over to Renee's at 1pm and hung out with Johngi.  On the way home we saw Michael (not Cheryl), Ildi, Phoenix and Mark.  Phoenix came over shortly afterward and we went for a walk over to the water company.  Came back home and had a nice meal and then Johngi stopped back by because the brightness on his iPhone somehow got turned way down.
Tuesday 18
Our walk today was pleasant and it was rather sunny for part of it over to WL.  We sat down for awhile over there and then kept going.  The weather today and yesterday was far superior to the bad weather day we had on Sunday 2 days ago.  All is well here.
Wednesday 19
When I get a call from Iris and Larry together on the phone its never good news.  In fact whenever I get a call from Larry its never good news.  It was not good news today; so my trend on this subject has not been broken.  I will [post] update this post at a later point in time with more details.  I should also note that I had a nice talk with Alex at the Coast Hotel in Pullman and he is going to take care of us when we come to Pullman in the spring so this is good news.  Hb and I went out for a nice walk after my meeting today with JT who is now safely tucked in back at his folks house somewhere in Virginia.  I had a nice long talk with Dad this evening who knew nothing of my earlier call with Iris and Larry.  And then spoke to Ken for 90 minutes as well.  It was one of the best talks we have had in a very long time.  Sometimes we both get on a roll and tonight was a night of clarity and I told him that several times on the call as we were coming to a close.
Thursday 20
So Hb went over to Anna's at Renee's house for lunch and I dealt with mostly all day the arcadian sewage cleanout.  I got an email from Sarah at 9:04am and that kicked the whole day off in dealing with this issue.  By around 4pm Hb got home and I had the solution solved and someone scheduled to do the work.  At that time I went outside and did some compost and cleaned up the winter squash that had been sitting on the slab since they were harvested back in October.  I also cut down the banana plant and swept up a bunch of pine needles in our back yard near the slab and in the side yard tambien.  I also buried a bunch of winter squash seeds and did a bunch of yard work.  I went for a nice walk at dusk and it is starting to stay light out now at least past 5:30pm.  The evening was gorgeous and the sky was blue and orange and this truly makes me happy.
Friday 21
Another great rock and roll productive day.  Got to the DMV by just after 9am.  Hb was in and out in 5 minutes.  We walked in and there was literally no one there.  I wanted to get my Real ID Drivers license tambien but I have to wait till after my next birthday in order to get the 8 year extension.  Went to Grocery Outlet and TJ's and then came home and went for a walk and ran into Mushroom and Linda and went for a walk with them around the big Crystal Lake block.  Mario and Dylana are having a baby sometime in March.  We came home and had a nice lunch.  Its a gorgeous day outside.  Sunny and not too cold.  Later in the day I worked outside and cleaned up more of the front flower beds next to the fire hydrant.  Also took down the datura plant.  Looks like Paul and Joan have moved out of their house.  I walked around the back of their house and it looks kind of empty.  Too bad, they were good people.
Saturday 22
Stopped by Peoria Market in the afternoon and ran into the owner who said I can take some "extra" stuff.  So we got a bunch of yellow and purple onions along with a bag of apples.  He is a cool guy and I like him.  We then went back to the church and walked further this time.  The weather got really nice, and sunny and the sky was blue and our walk was like walking at the top of the world in heaven.  Glorious.  We came home and had a nice dinner of the lentil soup I made earlier in the day.  I landed my sort-by PR which took me more than 2 weeks to just get it working (barely).  See worklog for more details.
Sunday 23
Pretty mellow day.  We drove across town to Winco and it got sunny.  We drove back to southtown and it got crappy.  Sundays weather wise are not working out for us.  Last Sunday sucked too.  Found out today that Winco sells Bragg's Organic Apple Cider Vinegar as well as some nice red wine vinegar.  So we are vinegared out.
Monday 24
Pedro and I spoke for 170 minutes.  See email on this date as there are 4 pictures of Andy's house.  Earlier in the day Hb and I went downtown and walked around the university.  Hb got Thai food at a restaurant close to where Nearly Normal used to be.
Tuesday 25
Sunny, incredibly gorgeous day.  Awesome walk with David Mayfield in the park, it was grand.  Then Hb and I went for a walk too.  We had a nice salmon dinner...
Wednesday 26
Another gorgeous sunny day in Paradise at least in the afternoon and by the time sunset came around there was not a cloud in the sky.  Hb cleaned the house and I got ready for my JT meeting at 1pm.  Earlier I cooked up the turkey that we bought the other day at Trader Joe's.  After my meeting Hb and I went out for a walk and on the way home ran into the kids at the end of Marion.  Malachai and Elsie rode over to our house on their skateboards etc and went home.  We ran into Jason and Shannon and passed along our condolences about Ben who died at age 24 a few weeks back.  A big loss for the immediate hood.  I had 100 minute talk with Sharon after dinner.  She is in Wyoming and we had a great talk on the phone.
Thursday 27
Hb and Dev went out today and in the late afternoon I walked by Mark and Joey's house and Mark was outside so I went into his back yard and he played the flute for me as we were sitting in the sunshine.  When the sun went down I walked home and Hb was at home.  Earlier in the day I composed and communicated with Kristin at Grant Street as I am working out some things with her for 2022.
Friday 28
Another gorgeous sunny day.  We went shopping in the morning at Grocery Outlet then went to Walmart to get some paper towels, bleach, and vinegar.  Came home, had some lunch and went for a big walk in the park.  We sat on the bench in the middle of the field and spoke to Jan whose husband died when he was 43 swimming in a lake up in the Cascades.  That was probably about 40 years ago.  Jan is now working for Instacart delivering food to people who order it online.  She has a puppy, a white pit bull and a bunch of other dogs showed up with us on the bench and we basked in the sun.  Walked home through Renee's and talked to Michael and Steve.  Michael said he stores his garlic in the garage and that soft neck garlic stores better than hard neck garlic.  News to me.  Malachai came over to our house for the first time and we gave him a tour of the house.  It was his first time in our house.  We also met Ezra today on our walk, he is Malachai's neighbor and he is 6.  He has been saying hi to us for awhile and now we finally got his name down too.
Saturday 29
Gorgeous sunny day in the valley.  First got gas and then hit a major fog bank; but by the time we got to Lebanon it had cleared.  Our first stop was downtown to see if our favorite Amazing Thai restaurant was serving inside.  We had not been there I don't think since Covid started almost two years ago if you can believe that.  They were open today but only for take out, so we have not missed anything since March of 2020.  After this we walked across the street and sat on a bench in front of a bar.  A lady came out and started sweeping the sidewalk for cig butts and we asked her what this building was and she said it was a bar and we went in there to go potty.  Afterwards we went over to Grocery Depot and bought some great items including some yummy oranges which we ate outside the store after purchase.  In fact they were so good I went back in and bought a bunch more.  They were 5 for a buck.  After that we rode over to Walmart and Hb got toothpaste, kleenex, and a small blender for her coffee.  We then went back downtown and did our walk around there.  We love Lebanon.  We then went over to Dos arbolitos for an early dinner.  It was our first time in that restaurant but we learned from the waitress that we remembered her and she remembered us from many years ago when we used to go to her restaurant on Kings.  It wasn't that good, but it was certainly passable.  We also got an order of french fries.  The drive home was lovely, mucho sol y mucho amor con Hb.  We love our drive home from Lebanon.  But this time I cut over to Hwy 34 at 7 mile road and we stopped by the Coop to get gf dessert for tomorrow's meal with Mike and Kathy Link.
Sunday 30
Up early and started cooking pretty soon thereafter.  It was a nice sunny morning, but as the day wore on it got cloudy and then rainy.  By the time we went out for a walk it was starting to rain.  By the time we got to the factory at the end of Bethel it was raining. Earlier in the day Mike and Kathy arrived at 12:30pm and they stayed to about 4pm.  We had a nice afternoon and I made winter squash, beans, rice, and some other leftovers.  Hb got some desserts yesterday at the coop on our way home from Lebanon.  It was good and we enjoyed the meal and hanging out with Mike and Kathy.  A nice day was had by all.
Monday 31
Iris had her surgery today and as I write this note I just spoke to my Dad and he told me she was going back to the hospital in an ambulance; so this is not good.  On a brighter note, at the time Hb and I went out for our walk it was sunny outside.  So we had a nice walk around WL.  Also, I believe I now finally understand the Simulation argument by Nick Bostrum.


February 2022


Tuesday 01
Hb and I went over to Peterson Rd off Llewellyn, just before Jude's house we made a right turn and parked on Richie Lane and walked up the forest path and around the tree farm and circled back down to peterson rd; however we had to pass the house on the right to get to the road.  we had an odd fellows meeting in the evening.  early this morning I spoke to larry.  Iris had to go back to the hospital last evening in an ambulance as her surgery yesterday caused some internal bleeding so she had to get that fixed.  she is doing fine this evening, and hopefully will be home soon.  I spoke to Dad earlier about the simulation argument that I have been working on the past couple of days.
Wednesday 02
Hb went to lunch with Dev to Coriander and I stayed home and had our meeting with JT.  It was the first time Stefan Holderbach was on the call.  He joined the core team last week after our last meeting.  Hb got home and we went for a walk around the block.  We saw Doug and Jamie and had a nice chat with them at the end of Ryan.  They were gone for trips and told us how they got sick along the way, but it was not covid.
Thursday 03
Mike picked me up at 10am and we went up to Albany to Lowe's and then we stopped by the grocery depot.  Hb went to the coop and had lunch with Dev and Anna at Renee's house.  Mike and I had fun and we talked a lot about the Simulation Argument / Hypothesis which is currently the topic of the day.  JT this evening on his show is back home at his parents house and went over all of his old tech books.  In the afternoon after getting home I woked outside and weeded the front garlic beds.  Also trimmed back some blackberries in Gen's side yard as well as cut down a limb of the Hazel nut tree that had fallen down on her side of the fence.  It was an absolutely stunning gorgeous sunny afternoon, as good as it gets for February and so I worked outside all afternoon.
Friday 04
I don't usually note this but ui got hammered today.  I was up at the usual hour for the usual ritual.  I was not too bummed but definitely not real happy either.  Hb and I went out to Inavale Farm based on Pedro's rec.  He spoke to Wagner earlier in the week who recommended Hb going out to a stable to pet a horse.  It wasn't too cold and we had a nice walk too.
Saturday 05
I woke up this morning, checked Hb messages and there was a message from Ken so I called him and set him up to come over in the early afternoon.  He arrived and immediately trimmed the fig tree, great job Ken.  Then we went for a walk around the park and ran into Mark and stopped by Dan's house on the way home; and Ken talked to him about trimming his apple tree.  This morning I started both my taxes and Hb taxes on our website so that is good news as we are up and running with that.
Sunday 06
We went out to Findly just south of Peoria and walked further down the road than ever before.  We walked to the river but it was too wet to cross over and look at it, we will go back in the spring when it is dry and we have the right shoes on.  It was a gorgeous sunny day.
Monday 07
Phoenix stopped by and asked if he could borrow my car to go to Eugene and he asked me if I wanted to meet with some other Oddfellows about a membership meeting and I respectively declined both offers.  Hb and I went shopping and then came home and went for a walk.  It was another beautiful warm 55 degrees day.  The mornings are starting out foggy but things change around noon.  Kathy Miller's mom died today.
Tuesday 08
Another beautiful afternoon and we had a nice walk and then made our traditional salmon taco dinner with baked potatoes and still some pretty good garlic from our garden.  The engine-q merger happened today at around 6am.  Great news !! 
Wednesday 09
Had our nushell meeting today and then I spoke to Larry regarding Iris and the results from her surgery last week.  See email from this date for more details but the news was not good.  We had a nice talk with Jason at the end of the street and he told us the details of what happened to Ben who lived with the Smiths's (Malachai) and was at Jason's house on a daily basis.  He was from Chile.  He died right around Christmas from a massive seizure due to some drug overdose associated with bipolar syndrome.
Thursday 10
Hb and I went shopping for her luncheon tomorrow with Dev and Anna.  We went to Grocery Outlet and the Coop and Aaron was real friendly and feeling good, then we went for a walk.  The fog was still not burned off as of this moment of 4:15pm.
Friday 11
Woke up and Michele and I crafted a nice note to Iris regarding her current health situation related to the talk I had with Larry two days ago on Wednesday.  Hb is having her lunch today with Anna and Dev so we have some cooking to do this morning.  Super fantastic great day.  One of the best days in awhile after a kind of a rough week including news from Larry, Iris and Phoenix.  Dev, Anna, and Hb had a nice lunch and I went for a very nice walk with Boyd and we talked about the Ukraine situation and then had a great talk with Jan in front of her driveway.  Then came home and decided to do leaves on Marion.  There was still a nice pile there on the side of the road where the leaves always are and I finished them off and put them at the end of the street.  Simona told me today she had just sold another one of her houses and that she was loving living in her new house.  Hopefully she sticks around for awhile, that would be great.  Moses was having a bash on his back deck so it was fun to hear people partying it up a bit on a nice gorgeous late sunny February afternoon.  The weather was stupendous.  Forgot to mention I did some weeding in the garlic beds at Russell's first thing this afternoon.  It was my first time doing any work over there since I layed down the leaves in autumn.
Saturday 12
Sunny and warm all day.  Did some taxes in the morning, day 1 of working on this.  Hb and I walked over to the Tuesday market and ran into Michael along the way.  We talked to Michael and Cheryl and they were dealing with chickens as a skunk or something got into their coop last night.  They are having a special  Tuesday market on 2/22/2022.  Oregon mask mandates should be gone by the end of March I learned today from Cheryl.  We walked down to Renee's and around the loop back home through the park.  Michael came over when we got home and hopefully he will be able to paint our house this summer some time.  Hb showed him some of her jewelery as he is interested in the jewelery business now and turquoise in particular.  It was a gorgeous day !  And at the end of it I sat outside and read my Machado.
Sunday 13
Morning was sunny and glorious. Hb and I sat outside for awhile around lunch time.  I spoke to Dad just prior to that.  Iris and Larry went over to his house today to give him the news.  My Dad is quite the guy and his attitude about life is unsurpassed at many, many levels.  He continues to be my guiding light for new material that he discovers for me.  Quite a testament at age 89.  Hb and I had lunch and then went out for a walk.  Our first talk was with Dev and Bill who we ran into on the street on Marion.  Bill told me some stories about his motorcycle crashes.  Then on to the cemetery.  We sat there for a long time.  It was warm and partly cloudy but nice.  We saw Bruce at Coho.  He had just gotten back from a bike ride to Millersburg where he got Thai and Indian food.  He is a great guy.  Then we stopped by Mark's house and talked to him for a long while.  We commented again on "your welcome" which is back in vogue thanks to him.  Came home, had dinner and listened to the end of the superbowl.  The LA Rams beat the Bengals in a nail biter with only a few seconds left in the game.  A good time was had by all.  I also finished up sort_by in nushell.  It took me 5 weeks as I started working on it on January 7.
Monday 14
Started the day off with a nice long therapy session with my chief internist John Zeuli.  We talked for about 75 minutes or longer.  The rest of the day was blah.  We went for a walk and it was cold but clear.  Back to winter for a while I guess, will post the weather result as it unfolds.  Sharon is heading back home to Pasadena this Thursday.  She had a good time in Wyoming.  Also, pedro is in Hawaii now.  He watched the superbowl on the flight over and he enjoyed that.
Tuesday 15
More work on taxes in the morning.  Nice walk around WL.  It was chilly and cloudy but the light was good.  We had nice dinner of a bunch of stuff, which was tasty including our salad dressing with no ketchup and pickle juice :)
Wednesday 16
My meeting today at 1pm went well.  Everyone was happy and in a good mood including myself.  Afterwards Hb and I went to TJ's then came home, went for a walk, we ate some food; I went back out for a short walk.  Its staying light later so all is todo bien.  I had a nice talk with Dad, he is hanging in there re: information Iris and Larry told Dad the other day.  Larry called and told Robert Levin as well, so Dad was relaying some of that info to me as well...
Thursday 17
The energy today was a bit off, but we got through it, and as the day wore on it slowly improved.  We got out for our walk after a morning of continuing to slog through my taxes.  On our way we saw Mark and Joey just at the foot of the steps of the park, so we hung out there for awhile with him and Kristin who we met.  She has 2 dogs and lived in Oakridge, Tn and Los Alamos, NM and was a biker, runner, rock climber and overall interesting younger woman.  We had never seen her before.  Walked back with Mark to his house and hung out for a bit outside.  He gave us a delicata squash, we talked for awhile and went home.  Hb wanted to go out to eat and has been wanting to go to the Palenque restaurant on the northwest corner of Kings and Circle for awhile so we went there.  It was the first time for me and the 2nd time for Hb as she had been there a few weeks back with Dev.  Yair was our waiter and he was from Mexico City but his father is Turkish.  He spoke slowly and I understood his Spanish well enough to have a basic conversation which was energizing.  The light at the end of the day is good and so we got home around 5:30pm and the sun still had not yet set.  Sharon was in Beaver, Utah on her way home from Pinedale, Wy so we had arranged a call a few days back and had a nice chat for 90 minutes.  She is considering possibly buying a 2 acre plot to build a log cabin so we discussed that for a bit along with various and other sundry topics including the JWT Telescope.  Its a good life.
Friday 18
At just after 9am I got a call from Reyes in Abq with the "bad" news that my whole sewer line out to the city hookup needs to be replaced.  Psychically I knew it was coming and he confirmed it for me.  Cost is probably going to be just under $6k.  The rest of the day went from there.  In the afternoon we saw Joe from Pittsburgh who was riding his bike by our house on Ryan so we talked to him for awhile.  He has retired from OSU after 32 years.  We walked around the Lilly Park block and met Ben who was putting up a new fence at the bus stop.  His material cost for the fencing material including all of the posts etc is $4k.  It was a gorgeous super sunny day all day.
Saturday 19
More work on taxes in the morning followed by a trip over to the VC.  It was cold but we went for a nice walk down to the end like we usually do.  Did a 2nd walk in our hood and ran into Russell who told us about the cost of his splint on his wrist.  He fell off his bike the other day.
Sunday 20
The day started out warmer and ended up colder.  At 3pm I spoke to Dad for quite a while and then Hb and I took my car out for a ride down to Smith Loop.  We continued on from where we left off last time.  We love that spot.  We have more exploring to do off Smith Loop Rd.  We came home and had our turkey dinner which I cooked around lunch time.  In the morning I sent Eve a nice birthday email, she is 52 born in 1970.
Monday 21
Got an email from Nick Holland today about taxes.  Also nice dialog with Eve as she answered my email from yesterday.  Edward McLoughlin, Set Decorator for Mare of Easttown.  We went to Grocery Outlet and the coop to get some food as well.  It is going to be really cold at night the next few days.
Tuesday 22
Cold sunny day and dry.  Started out with more taxes.  Hb and I went for a walk then Tim Dehne stopped by and we had falafel for dinner and he had a taste.  Nice talk with Dad in the evening.
Wednesday 23
more work today on taxes.  I am going to take tomorrow off and then finish up Hb and my taxes Friday and over the weekend (hopefully)...  Had my meeting with JT at 1pm and then Hb and I went out for a walk.  It was sunny and cold but not crazy cold.  We came home and made some winter squash, potatoes and finished off our batch of falafels that we did yesterday when Tim was here.
Thursday 24
I went over to David Mayfield's house at 1pm and we drove to the end of 29th and went for a walk around the forest.  Earlier in the day Reyes Chavez from Mr. Rooter Plumbing had just finished up my sewer line and water line replacement.  The total was $7417.01.
Friday 25
In the morning I finished my taxes and then did a massive room cleaning and threw lots of jars and stuff away.  We both did our sheets too and did laundry.  I cleaned and did stuff till about 4pm when we went for a walk over to the water company.  Renee had her birthday party tonight at Ildi's but for many reasons we aren't much into big parties any more.
Saturday 26
We got up and finished up Hb's taxes by 11am.  We then read Hb's email to learn that Bob and Peggy were coming into town.  They came over around 3pm after lunch.  They like going to Sada.  We hung out with them for about one hour and they left and then we went for a walk.  The weather shifted today back to rain and clouds.  The past couple of weeks have been dry and cold and gorgeous mas o menos.  So the next week is back to normal with rain.
Sunday 27
So today was an interesting day.  Our daily walk happened in the evening after dark because earlier after we just got home from our grocery shopping, which happened earlier Sunday morning it started to rain.  And actually it started raining again just before we got home from our walk tonight.  So the next couple of days are warm and rainy.  A big transition from a few days ago of cold and dry.  I tucked away my tax documents today for long term storage along with finishing up archiving the diary for 2021.  So we are doing lots of house keeping chores, including cleaning up my room a few days back.  Once I landed my sort-by command for nushell last week and then finished up the taxes for Hb and I it freed me up now to pursue some back burner projects which are moving to the front burner :)
Monday 28
We got 1.3 inches of rain today as I check the stats at the end of the day.  It was pouring down rain this morning and I am sitting in my office happily working away and the doorbell rings in a massive rainstorm and Phoenix is at the door.  Hb was taking a nap so I opened the garage door and Phoenix and I hung out in the garage for awhile talking and then Hb woke up and we moved into the house.  We made salmon for a late lunch and I cut up a bunch of garlic.  I have it down now with those plastic tubs.  You set the plastic tub in the sink and then work on the garlic in there.  The garlic is ready to be done, and so I am moving along in getting rid of the bad cloves full of mold and cooking the nice white ones.  Afterwards we had a break in the weather and we went out for a walk.  It was not cold and it was nice enough.  I got home and did the compost too.  By 6:20pm the light was still up and so I called Dad to check in.  Tomorrow is Phoenix's bday party at the bowling alley on 9th just past Les Schwab.


March 2022


Tuesday 01
So it was another rainy day and so we hung out in the morning and by early afternoon we decided to ride up to Albany to get a new shower curtain and buy some TP at costco.  We ended up buying the shower curtain there too, even though we went to Walmart first to check it out.  After Costco we went to grocery depot and then on to Rigobertos for dinner.  We went with one meal, and extra tortillas for 85 cents.  They also have french fries for 3 dollars, but we did not get them this time.
Another rainy 
Wednesday 02
I went for a walk in the rain after our meeting.  Starting to think about going away next week for Hb's birthday.
Thursday 03
In the afternoon we went for a walk in the park and ran into Mark and Joey prior and hung out on the NW side of Park and Crystal Lake for awhile in the rain and talked.  Mark said, "Play with the big toys you already have".  Came back around and went over to Jan's house and talked to her outside.  The sun was shining briefly on this rainy, sunny early March day in OR.  Earlier in the late morning I swung by the bank and went and got some gas for the lawn mower.  It was the first time getting gas this year, and it was a tad bit early.
Friday 04
First time cutting the grass in 2022.  Since we are heading out to Ashland in a few days, today was the day and it turned out to be a glorious one to cut the grass.  After doing that Hb and I did a big walk around the park.  It was a lovely blue sky, sunny afternoon and at the end of the walk we stopped off at Jorge and Catherine's house and met Carrie who lives in the blue house on the SW corner of Alexander and Crystal Lake.
Saturday 05
We went for a short walk and talked to Gary and Kathy who live on Bell.  Then we ran into Prem along the way tambien.  On our way home we saw Patrick so we went over to their house for awhile and Izzy played Twinkle, Twinkle for me because it was his piano recital piece.  Juniper and Hb played blocks and I did some math stuff with Izzy.  They were in Hawaii a few weeks back.
Sunday 06
Spoke to Larry and then went out for a walk with Hb.  We walked down to Renee's land and circled back through the park to the north.  We usually head south but today was sunny and different.  I spoke to Dad in the evening.
Monday 07
Up at 6:30am, left the house at 9:30am.  We drove the whole way to Ashland with no breaks, except the usual pit stops.  We got here just before 2pm.  Got here, checked in and went to the coop and brought our food back to the hotel and ate in the mezzanine.  Last time we were here you could not even do that, however we could not eat our meal at the coop and we still needed to wear masks.  After our meal we walked to the end of Lithia park trail just where it ends and turns left up the hill is where we turned around.  The weather today was perfect.  Just below 60 degrees and blasting sun all day.  We could not have asked for a more perfect drive, weather day and destination.  Its still a good life, although the challenges of getting older is certainly there for us all, and life is not quite as good as it used to be.  My spanish mantras have been a big win for me the past number of months.  Pedro called and he made it back home and was greeted in his house to a chirping smoke detector. 
Tuesday 08
A nice day in Ashland.  I took a break in the morning and layed around the bed and Hb went birthday shopping at her stores.  She had fun and came home and we went to lunch at the coop and brought the food back here.  Afterwards we went for a walk up the hill and then south to the university and left turn crossing 99 and back towards the coop.  The weather was nice so we sat down on a bench for awhile and talked about life.  We are getting older and traveling is getting a bit more challenging but we are still doing well and that is why we are out here now doing what we are doing.
Wednesday 09
Since my nushell meeting was at 1pm we went out for a walk earlier in the day and got back around 12:30pm.  We went over to the coop so Hb could get her snack of a muffin and some yogurt.  After the meeting we went by the coop for lunch.  Came by here for lunch and then went for a walk in Lithia park.  It was chilly and there were some clouds.
Thursday 10
An absolutely stellar from the very beginning super sunny day.  We climbed Mt. Shasta thanks to Hb's idea to walk on the road from the top of the Bunny end point.  You could see for ever, it was not windy or cold but just right for hats and gloves.  We briefly spoke to someone who was doing an ascent.  We left Ashland around 9am after our final breakfast of potatoes and oatmeal.  I ate zero eggs the whole time and no ketchup on my potatoes.  We are staying at the Strawberry Valley Inn; we have never stayed here before but it is very nice with a big king room number 7.  We had some soup and rice bowls for lunch and then came back to our hotel and I went for a short walk.
Friday 11
Great birthday party on the golf course in McCloud, Ca.  We walked across the golf course and then found a back gate onto an old logging road and headed up the road.  it was sunny, and warm and we had on a short sleeve tshirt.  headed back into the town of mccloud and walked around downtown and ate our lunch at a picnic bench in the park in front of the chamber of commerce.  its a very nice small town.  we went to church for lent and did the 14 stations of the cross today.  it was a nice church and there were about 7 parishioners along with the priest who was asian.  We had quite the experience there.  came back into mt shasta and went to the coop for some snack food items and my favorite bread.
Saturday 12
Breakfast at 8am at the Strawberry Valley Inn and we left town by 9am and were in Carson City just in time for Chris to arrive at work.  Our lunch at the Whitehouse Thai in Susanville was disappointing but passable barely.  We hung out on a road on Hat Creek at the bottom of the big valley outside of the Mt. Shasta drainage.  Gorgeous spot.  Checked in at 3pm and went for our walk around 5pm down our old street Minnesota.  I called Pedro to check in with him and he is back home in Corvallis.
Sunday 13
Our first morning back in Carson City.  We chilled out in the morning and I went downstairs to get Hb some coffee.  Around 1pm we headed out to buy some gas.  We put in $40 which almost filled us up.  We were at about 1/2 tank.  So that is how much it cost us to drive from Mt. Shasta to here.  So I would estimate about $80 one way from Corvallis mas o menos.  We went to TJ's and then Grocery Outlet which moved out near the freeway exit from nearer to downtown.  We came back to the hotel and brought back the food and I got a new room from Chris who gave us the top floor on the good side in the corner.  It is way, way quieter on this side.  We had a lovely Hb birthday dinner at our favorite sushi restaurant in town.  The last time we were here we ate their once and then they shut down to replace all of their flooring.  So we were happy to see the restaurant back up and running, full of folks and yummy.  We got the chicken fried rice which was great.  We came back to the room and moved all our stuff up one floor.  We were on the noisy side of the building across the hall from where we were back in November.  The difference in sound level is amazing.  This side is completely quiet and the other side is noisy as heck from all the streets to the east probably including the freeway noise which travels all the way across town and higher since we were on the 4th floor.  We are now tucked into our new room and in pretty good shape.
Monday 14
I went for a walk by myself in the morning and the evening as Hb was tired today.  We walked around downtown a bit and then went over to the Salvadoran restaurant and got some pupusas.  It was nice and warm this morning and even through the afternoon it felt really nice to be in some warm weather.
Tuesday 15
Another mellow day in Carson City.  In the afternoon Hb and I went for a walk up Kings near the nice housing development on Thames Lane, the one before Longview.  After that we went and got Pad Thai at our favorite Vietnamese restaurant and then Chicken fried rice at Yangs next to the sushi place.  Came home, ate dinner and then went out for another walk and I talked to my Dad on the walk.  It was chilly, but no wind and we had a nice walk.
Wednesday 16
Hb and I went for a walk in the morning prior to my meeting, and then we went back out after the meeting.  First to the 99cent store to buy some hand cream which we desperately have needed since going on our trip and then we went to get Mexican food at our favorite restaurant next to the Salvadoran restaurant just off Winnie.  We had a nice meal.  We met a woman who is a principal at a local elementary school and she told us all about the new housing development next to her house on Richmond.  It was the big gigantic field of 46 acres just west of Mountain.  Last time we were here it was a pristine field.  Now its going to be over 200 houses. 
Thursday 17
Hb and I took at nap around 10am and then got up and went to do laundry for the first time since arriving in Carson City.  In the afternoon we went for a walk around the golf course which was adjacent to where we parked on mountain.  We got our pad thai at the vietnamese restaurant and our fried rice at the chinese restaurant yangs.
Friday 18
I found a driver's license yesterday when we were walking on the golf course and so in the early afternoon we dropped it off at the sheriff's office.  From there we headed east on 5th to the trailhead of the carson river.  We love this spot.  We walked all the way along the river to the dam and sat there and watched the water flow over the dam for quite awhile.  A mountain biker by the name of Mark showed up who was about my age and we talked for along time.  He moved to Carson back in 1982 and grew up in Michigan.  He was an interesting guy and had a basque heritage so he told us about a good restaurant in Gardnerville called JT Basque Restaurant.  We had dinner at our favorite Mexican restaurant San Marcos Mexican Grill and then went back out for another walk around the hood.  It was a beautiful day, around 65 degrees and on our big walk I wore shorts and T shirt.  It was my second day out walking in shorts.
Saturday 19
In the late afternoon I signed up for another week with Chris.  We will be leaving next Saturday morning and will then have been here exactly two weeks which is a good chunk of time.  We got here last Saturday so we have been here one week.  Today was cloudy and chilly; so we headed out after noon and went to the atm machine for Hb.  The credit union does not charge any fee which is cool so she can take out money here.  We then went to Ulta Beauty to pick up some hair products for Hb and then on to Walmart and TJ's in the same place.  Pretty convenient and a good location for people heading down here from Lake Tahoe area and there is a large population of people up there that need access to these stores including TJ's.  We got some chinese for dinner at Yang's and came home.  Chris told me that the manager Michael who was here in November left and that the owner of the casino and hotel is now living here looking for a home in Carson City.  So Chris is in here for the long term and I have a nice connection with him so we have a killer place to stay here in Carson City which works out great for us !
Sunday 20
Combs Canyon Rd for the first time.  Parked up on County Line Rd and walked around the area.  It was chilly but very sunny and we had a nice walk.  Swung back into town but got off at the next exit down on the Freeway.  We had never gotten off at E College Pkwy, so that was kind of fun to swing past the airport.  We stopped at the Mexican grocery store next to Grocery Outlet and picked up some refried beans then over to Yangs for some mixed vegetables.
Monday 21
In the early afternoon we did a big walk over to the post office to mail Anyaa a postcard from Mt. Shasta and then we circled back through the neighborhoods all around through the state owned land east of the capitol complex.  Eventually we ended up back at our hotel where we had a nice meal.  I had a big ol cobb salad with chicken and Hb had a nice salmon dish with mashed potatoes.  Yummy.  Afterwards we went for a nice walk around the block.  We actually saw people outside on their porches as the weather is starting to get nice.
Tuesday 22
Today was our big road trip of our time in Nv.  We drove east to Dayton, then took the back road called Fort Churchill Road to Fort Churchill State Park.  At that point we made a right and drove south to Yerington and then west back up over the hill to Gardnerville.  The highlights of the day was just east of Dayton we stopped on the river for awhile and hung out.  Turns out that was the best spot on the whole road.  We will know where it is next time we go by there.  Very sweet spot with some wild horses and a nice hill to climb.  The other nice spot was just going back west there was a picnic table on the south side of the road so we stopped and hiked at the Wilson Canyon Trail up the side of the hill and down to the river.  So we drove 135 miles today.  Carson City to Yerington is 64 miles and Yerington to Gardnerville is 55 miles and Gardnerville to Carson City is 16 miles.
Wednesday 23
Started the day off early with a ride over to Les Schwab to have the tires checked then TJ's for some last minute food items prior to our return home journey starting this Saturday.  Came home and went out for a walk around the capitol complex including the state archive library.  we were the only guests in there and we got a warm welcome by all of the employees.  The building was built in 1992 and it looked like it was closed as the lights are dimmed but Hb managed to open the door and we went inside.  I had my meeting at 1pm with JT.  We released 0.60 yesterday so we talked alot about the release.  Came home and went to Scoups for soup and ice cream then over to the Salvadoran restaurant for 5 papusas.  Came home and had dinner and then I went out for a walk and had a long talk with Dad.  Back at 6:30pm and then Hb and I went out for a long walk until dark.  It was warm outside but by the time we got home at dusk it was starting to cool off.  Today was actually very warm on the edge of hot.
Thursday 24
Another warm sunny day in Carson.  Hb and I went over for some soup at the ice cream shop and then headed back out to our favorite river walk on the carson river.  We walked once again out to the dam / waterfalls.  On our way home we got some fried rice and french fries at the hotel.  It was our first time and last time getting french fries at the hotel the whole trip.
Friday 25
Our final day in Carson was lovely, as was the rest of our trip.  In the morning I got a bunch of the car sorted out and packed stuff that I could today.  Then I went over and topped off the gas tank at Sinclair.  Hb and I went for our walk over off King St on Thames Lane.  It was our second hike over there of the trip and clearly one of our favorite in the area.  You get a great view of the mountains.  Came back to the hotel and had a nice dinner here.  I had my salad and Hb had her salmon.  Sarah our waitress told us how she used to be an addict, and told us her story.  She was from Reno and moved down here to get clean and she got a nice job here at the restaurant.  After dinner Chris printed out my final bill for the trip which totaled out to be for the 14 nights.
Saturday 26
Up early, left Carson City by 9am and was in Alturas by 1pm and we had a nice lunch at the Basque Restaurant.  Sean is the bartenders name.   After lunch we headed out to the pueblo gas station then kept going and made a right turn on County Road 57 out to the sign for the Pine Creek wildlife area.  The Wilson ranch is just before that and we walked up the hill on their ranch to the mini dump they created and Hb spent lots of time with the horses.  We had a really nice time.  In the evening I walked out to the field at the Rim Rock and meditated with my sticks.  I love Alturas and the spot of our hotel.   This was one of the highlights of the whole trip.
Sunday 27
We met Dave and Erica Crimp in the morning who are from Summit.  They moved there in 1980.  Dave is from Boston and Erica from Berkeley.  They were both cool and we spoke for about 30 minutes.  We then went to mile marker 148 at Crane Creek Rd or Lane.  Its the spot we were at last time just before you come into Lakeview.  We had lunch at Jerry’s which was pretty good.  Got to the Best Western in La Pine around 5pm and checked in.  We stopped in the forest briefly about 20 miles out.  It was a nice afternoon about 60 degrees.
Monday 28
Up at around 7am, we got a good night sleep as we went to bed around 9pm.  It was our first good night sleep in awhile for various and sundry reasons.  We had a crappy breakfast at the Best Western in La Pine and then drove home.  We stopped briefly at the dam state park just 11 miles east of I5 in Eugene.  We got home around 1pm and went to the Grocery Outlet, Post Office and the coop.  It was a cloudy day; but the weather was in the mid 50's with minimal rain.
Tuesday 29
Day 1 was OK.  We did laundry and then I cut the grass in the afternoon.  A special Tuesday market was held and I had a great talk with Mahogany.  We stayed to the end.
Wednesday 30
Final round of winter squash cooking.  They butternuts are gone and questionably maybe not that good.  Its spring, no more winter squash.  JT nushell meeting at 1pm.  In the afternoon I went over to Russell's to do some weeding of the garlic beds along with a long conversation with Russell and then eventually Mark who showed up tambien.  Afterwards Hb stopped by and we went over to the coop and she got a muffin.  I talked to Dad for the first time since getting back home a few days ago.
Thursday 31
Dealt with the swamp cooler today for Arcadian.  Hb got together with Dev all day.  She came home and we went for a walk around the block.  In the morning I spoke to Pedro about Facetime stuff on his mac and android phone.  At about 9pm I got a call from Tracy who will do my swamp cooler work on Arcadian.  He sounds like a good man and his assistant Patricia was very nice too.


April 2022


Friday 01
So this morning I got the swamp cooler situation squared away thanks to Sarah.  In the afternoon Hb and I went for a walk.  We started out hanging out with Will and Kathy for awhile.  Then we talked to Joe for a long time on the Bell Park Bench.  We had a really nice chat with him.  He is into the Simulation Argument tambien.  Then Mark and Joey came by and we also met Nancy who lives on Park just east of the the house with all of the recent landscaping work.  Then we went for a big loop around the park, came home and I made our first radish greens with mahogany mushrooms from the Tuesday market.
Saturday 02
Today turned out to be warm and sunny.  We went shopping at TJ's and VC and then came home and spent a nice afternoon with Mindy sitting in her front yard, and then went over to Jan and Boyd's house.  We had not seen them since our return from Carson City on Monday afternoon.  Just before we went shopping Bob stopped by to check in and say hi and tell me his lawn mower story about how it just died on him one year into the 2 year warranty.  He is doing OK, but is not able to play much golf any more because he is having some rotator cuff issues.  Everyone I know who is getting older is having all sorts of health issues.
Sunday 03
Started the day off at Pedro's around 11:30am.  Back home for lunch and then into the park.  We sat by the river for awhile.  They were having a disc golf tournament in the park.  On the way home we ran into our neighbor Austin who lives in Elizabeth's house.  I did some weeding in the garlic bed and had a nice talk with Dad around 5pm.  Today was cool and cloudy, but warm enough to enjoy a lovely springtime day in OR.
Monday 04
It was kind of a windy day today, but the sun came out in the afternoon after a rainy night and early morning.  Around 6pm I went for a walk around the block.  It started out sunny and clear but by the end of the walk a big rain storm appeared to be moving in from the west.  We love spring time in Oregon.
Tuesday 05
This morning I spoke to Home Depot and ordered the swamp cooler for my house in Abq.  Hb and I went for a nice walk around WL in the mid afternoon.  It was our first walk over there since we have been back.  We did some dandylion harvesting after dinner.  I discovered all I have to do is pick the yellow flowers and then they will not go to seed.  I think that strategy will work, I will run it by some other folks for confirmation.
Wednesday 06
Towards the tail end of our meeting with JT Hb came in my room and told me Pedro fell and we needed to take him over to urgent care.  We arrived at his house and we followed him over there.  We helped him get inside with a wheelchair.  Then Hb and I went shopping for her gathering tomorrow with the girls.  Got home and went for a big walk around the block.  Then we had dinner and Pedro called, great timing, and we went over there.  Mike and Kathy showed up with a wheelchair and we wheeled him in the house through the back door.  We hung out at Pedro's house for awhile and then walked home just at dark.  Jan brought us over some cookies she had made the other day.  Yum !  On our walk earlier in the afternoon we saw Lina and Mia; Simona's daughters who were taking their dog for a walk.  It was our first time meeting Mia who is two years younger than Lina.  Lina didn't like school and got her GED equivalent.  And Mia is going to CHS and is not into it.  I haven't met anyone in highschool who says they like it.  What a disgrace from many different levels.  Or maybe I am just incredibly naive my whole life.  Or maybe I am old now and completely out of touch with reality in our current world :)
Thursday 07
It was a gorgeous day today in the 70's.  Hb had Anna over for lunch, Dev was supposed to come but Bill had some health issues.  I stopped by the coop for some bread and then went to get a half gallon of gas for the next two months of mowing.  The afternoon was lovely.  Anna stuck around for hours hanging out with Hb; eating yummy lacy cookies.   I had the remainder of the avocado Anna brought along with Hb's guacamole, some rice and the remainder of the turkey from the other day
Friday 08
Mellow day at home.  Late afternoon walk around the park.  Hb went to the Old World Deli with Dev and Bill to see the space  neighbors.  Yesterday was summer and today is early spring cold weather.  You got to love OR.
Saturday 09
Hb and I went to Machin Tacos on Western and 4th for takeout and then I came home and cut the grass for the 2nd time since we were back from Carson City.
Sunday 10
It was 45 degrees when we got home from the Charles Goodrich poetry reading in Willamette Park.  He is an amazing poet and the person who introduced him was equally brilliant.  He talked about meeting Charles for the first time in 1980.  Evidently this person lives out in the country near Dallas.  The event was well attended and the the cold drizzle did not deter many from riding their bikes to the event.  Earlier in the day I called Scott Williams, Stewart Cohn, and Brian Wehrung and everyone called me back quickly and I connected with everyone today.  It was a triple play of calls and each one last about an hour.  They were all meaningful and all of these people are my brothers, including Charles Goodrich in spirit.  Its winter here in OR for the next week.  We have not seen winter since we left here back in early March.  So I can put up with one week of winter before spring returns again !
Monday 11
The day started out rainy but soon turned to cold and sun.  We went for 2 walks today and I had a long talk with David Mayfield who returned last week from Southern Ca.
Tuesday 12
Up early, was at the PO by 7am for my annual trip there.  It was cold and drizzly, but no significant rain.  Today was the day as tomorrow there is a possibility of snow / ice plus its earlier in the week which is a good thing for mailing stuff so they get it before the weekend and possibly get the thing processed.  In the afternoon we went food shopping and then went for a big walk around the park and WL.  In the evening I spoke to Dad for the first time about the president of Ukraine and the fact that he is Jewish which to me is an incredible story in and of itself.  I could write more about this topic, and probably will do so in another venue.  Also, had a long talk with Pedro about life and more specific items.   He fell last Wednesday April 6, so it was basically one week ago.  He went back to the doctor today and they told him it was slightly worse.  So he may be in a wheel chair hopefully for only a few weeks.
Wednesday 13
Had my meeting at 1pm.  Then we cooked a nice salmon dinner.  Cranking through a bunch of old garlic, mostly throwing moldy stuff away and salvaging a few good ones.  Went for a nice walk.  It was cold, but the light was great.
Thursday 14
Mellow day, we went out in the afternoon for a short walk and got caught in a bit of a rain / sleet / hail storm; but then the sun appeared and as we got home we went back up to the end of Ryan and sat at the bus stop.  Nancy, who lives near us and we met recently walked by so we talked to her for a bit.  She lives on the north side of Park next to the house with the big tree.
Friday 15
Ken called in the early morning.  We went for a walk around noon and Hb went over to be with Dev.  On the walk we ran into Michael who was taking down a barn on Joan Noyce's old property and the new owner is from Ca.  We learned that Michael hooked up Joan with this owner.  He is going to build a new house but its going to be cool and a nice house and not mess up the hood.  Ken and I had a nice walk through the park and he picked nettles and the day was sunny and blue sky.  It started out chilly but ended up being gorgeous.  We met John, Tracy, and Molly who live in the new garden house spot just south of Karen Mayo.  John spends time in Las Cruces and is going there in a couple of weeks.  Hb got home and we went for a walk around the block.  It was still warm, blue sky and sunny.  Came home and had some dinner and I spoke to Dad this evening.  He is doing well.
Saturday 16
We were going to go to the 1st Farmer's market today downtown but it was cold and showery so we bailed.  Hopefully next week it will be nicer.  So around 3pm we went over to Winco for oats and tortillas and organic potatoes and onions and then we went for a walk in MLK park.  By the time we got there it was sunny and cool.  But we managed to walk to the end of the paved trail to the next street over.
Sunday 17
We went over to the coop for some food and then brought it back to the house and then we headed out to Beaver Creek Road.  Just past Katie's house at Henderson Rd we kept going, parked, and had a lovely walk.  More exploring to do in that area.  The day was perfect.  It was not cold, not warm and not wet and damp.  It was dry and we loved our walk today.  It was our first time heading past Katie's turn off on Beaver Creek.
Monday 18
Its going to rain all week.  We got out for our walk today around noon and walked over to WL.  It started to rain over there so we headed back home.  We didn't get too wet.
Tuesday 19
Great talk with Jim at 4pm.  He doesn't think the people of Ukraine knew that Zelensky was Jewish when they voted for him.  He is going to Israel in about 10 days.  Hb and I went for a walk and ran into Steve who lives in the new house on Thompson and whose house we went to out on Decker road.  It rained in the morning but got sunny and beautiful late in the day.  On our evening walk we ran into Kerry right at the end of our street and we went for a walk with him around the block back to his house.  It was great seeing him.  We had not seen him or talked to him in a long time.
Wednesday 20
Nice talk with Dad this evening.  Earlier we went food shopping and before that I had my nushell meeting.  It went well today.  I got a walk in and met Andrew and his Dad Bruce from Sisters.    Andrew lives in a recently purchased blue house across from Steve Lawson and he is a P. Chemist and is doing his postdoc at OSU and is getting married in July.
Thursday 21
Interesting day.  Got a call from a guy at LPL and we worked out some interesting details which make sense.  Hb and I went for a nice walk in the park late in the day and ran into Jay and Linda.  Their son went to Haverford because they have Quaker ties and did his PhD in Gainesville in Physics.  He is teaching undergrads at OSU.  Ran into Patrick and Steve who got his tree trimmed back yesterday.  Mindy is going down to Palo Alto to work at Stanford for a short break.
Friday 22
So I got up super early today in anticipation of going to Eugene with Pedro.  I got to his house just after 9am and we were back by about 1pm.  We picked up the wheel chair at the garage sale and then swung by a medical supply place to get a walker.  We then got some taco bell in Junction City and came home.  Hb and I had some lunch and then Cooper came over and we went for a walk around the park.  He is taking some CS classes online and will have a nice degree by the end of July.  He is doing great !  Then Hb and I went for a walk around the block afterwards.
Saturday 23
Great time at our first Famer's Market.  Had nice talks with Rachel, Luke, and Jana...  It was a glorious warm, sunny spring day.  We picked up food at our new favorite Mexican restaurant El Machin and then went home and had a nice lunch.  We hung out with Patrick, and Izzy in the afternoon.  Mindy flew down to Palo Alto to start her short nursing gig while the Stanford Hospital workers are on strike.
Sunday 24
Phoenix came by early in the morning and we went for a walk over to the Tuesday market and had a nice talk with Michael.  Did some cleaning up of the mold in the bathroom and then we headed out to the Hours Sunday market.  We walked down to Renee's and hung out for awhile then popped back up and I had a nice talk with Tal.  Came home and cut the grass and then had a long talk with David Friedman about our usual fun topic of conversation.  Afterwards I went outside in the chilly evening and picked up a bunch of back yard waste that Hb had raked out of the garden beds.  Came in and had a nice meal that earlier in the day Valerie had given us after I bought some cookies from her at the market.  She is very cool.  I got a nice curry dish and Hb bought some of her cheese.
Monday 25
Spent the whole afternoon at Russll's hauling compost from Michael and Cheryl's to Russell's blue berry bushes.  Along the way I saw Lesley, Anna both over at the Tuesday market.  I got to ask Lesley about her apple trees next autumn and she was cool with that.  Major weed pulling in the blue berry bushes; it was quite a mess in there but I am making progress.
Tuesday 26
At 1pm we went over to Pedro's.  We brought him the ladder and made his bed for him.  Afterwards we went shopping at the coop and then came home.  Around 6:30pm we went back over to Pedro's with his shampoo that was discontinued at the coop.  It was a cold evening, winter is still clinging to our spring time in OR.
Wednesday 27
In the afternoon I went over to Russell's and finished up weeding the blueberry bushes.  Now I need to go back to the Tuesday market and get some more leaves and compost.  Hb went to Dev's in the evening for a movie and I chilled out at home.
Thursday 28
More work at Russell's in the afternoon.  Hb went to get her hair cut and I did some old box cleanup on the side yard along with more work on cleaning up the garage.  Hb came home and we walked over to Russell's and I got a load of compost which I brought back and then took back his wheel barrow with a load of dirt which covered up the bases of the blueberry bushes which I did a massive weeding job on yesterday.  Bina is scheduled to come by this evening between 7 - 8 pm.  She got here just after 7pm and we sat down for a nice meal and some hot black tea.  Hb gave Bina a beautiful turqoise necklace and Bina brought by her lemon cake and a candle for Hb.  It was nice spending time with her at our home for the first time in many years.  Its a good life. !
Friday 29
Mellow day with rain in the afternoon.  We got our walk in barely as it was drizzling as we took it.  Earlier we went to get Hb a clasp for her necklace along with light bulbs for our night light; some batteries for our clock, and TJ's for some food.  Weather the next couple of weeks is not hot and not sunny either.  But hey !  We live in OR where the weather can be pretty crappy.  Love it or leave it.
Saturday 30
Farmer's market was nice.  We started off seeing Bina just before arrival.  We met two people running for US Congress.  John Selker who is a friend of Kathy Miller's and Doyle Canning who Strix knows.  She is aligned with Bernie.  In the afternoon it was kind of rainy but just before 6pm I got out and did some weeding in the fig tree along with the west driveway.  Then we went for a nice walk around the block.  We saw Steve Jones and Kevin who is Judy's brother.  We also saw Leonard who said he didn't see many bees this year for his apple blossoms.  I had a nice talk with Dad.


May 2022


Sunday 01
So I spent the morning doing a bunch of research on iphones including looking at the concept of buying a used iphone etc...  It finally came to me that buying a new iphone for myself made no sense at the moment and that Hb needs a new iphone anyway because 16G is not big enough for our pictures etc...  We need more space and we kind of need it now.  So for $549 we get a new iphone 11 with 128G.  64G was $499 so for $50 more we splurged on some extra space which we will probably never use.  In closing I decided to buy the phone after Hb agreed to kick in some cash too.  So that is done.  We had lunch and went out to Inavale Farm and hung out with the horses all afternoon.  Turns out they were having a jumping event so the place was jumping and Hb and I had fun.  It was a gorgeous sunny afternoon in the mid 60's.  We went for a nice walk out there tambien.  Came home and had a nice dinner and went for a short walk and ran into Patrick.  Mindy is back home from Palo Alto and the strike appears to be over.
Monday 02
It rained pretty much all day; but at around 6pm I went out for a walk around the block. Hb had gone to yoga earlier with Dev so she was tucked in for the night.  I met Gayle in front of our house.  She lives next to Mark Sherman on Crystal Lake.
Tuesday 03
We got our new iphone today.  And iphone 11 for $549 with 128gb of storage.  The default phone was $499 was 64gb and for $50 more bucks you get 128gb.  The phone arrived just as I was napping around 2pm.  I did some work on the old iphone.  Then we went for a walk around the park and hit the Tuesday market earlier than usual.  It was a gorgeous day in hollywood after a bunch of rainy days.  We stayed till the end and then I came home and got the new iphone up and running.  It was as simple as holding the old iphone next to the new iphone and all of the data transferred over in like 5 minutes.  Wowza, wow !  These guys have their act together.  We are up and running with the new phone !  Pedro called me around 11:30am and I went over and picked him up at the dentist and then I stopped to buy some gas for the mower.
Wednesday 04
The day started out at the Tmobile store where the guy swapped out our sim cards for the respective phones.  Michele's old phone sim card went into the new phone, and my old phone sim card went into Michele's old phone and the deal was done.  We stopped by Winco to get some quick oats and some organic red potatoes.  Then we ran around to a few places looking for phone covers but to no avail.  Our final stop was at Grocery Outlet for our power greens and then we came home.  In the afternoon I cut the grass and then spoke to Dad.  I learned from him that today Ben Angerman took his own life.  I will write more on this in the coming days; but to suffice it to say I was deeply saddened by this news.
Thursday 05
Helped Naj at Kathy Miller's house in the afternoon with an email issue.  Phoenix was driving by when we went on a walk and so he told us and we went over to Kathy's house.  Kathy was not there.  Phoenix also told me that he was dropping out of being Noble Grand for awhile over a minor issue he had at the recent meeting.  Interesting times indeed including at OddFellows.  Hb and I went for a big walk after that and swung by Kristy's house who lives on Bethel.  She has the Japanese garden with the arc going into her house.  Long talk again with Dad about Ben et al.
Friday 06
Ui got hammered today, release happened at the usual time of 4:07am.  Around 9am I spoke to Rand re: Tessie.  He is going to fly out to LA to be with her.  In the afternoon it was windy and cold but I went out for a walk anyway and got a window of sun.  Funny that I saw Kristy who we met yesterday in front of her house on Bethel.
Saturday 07
We rallied late in the morning and made it to the Farmer's Market and lucky we did as it was pretty nice out (relatively speaking) and there was some sun.  We had a nice chat with Elias, got a few items and stopped by for some Mexican food afterwards.  Today Hb got a burrito.  This is our regular place to go now after the Farmer's market.  Came home, made some lunch and then I went over to Russell's to do some weeding as well as haul a load of dirt back and plant a few plants Renee gave us the other night.
We learned also at the market from Emily that the Thyme garden event was postponed to next weekend.
Sunday 08
Today was another day dealing with our new iphone purchase.  I reinstalled the latest new ios 15.4.1 on our old phone via my macbook.  It went smoothly and then I reset the phone and deleted everything from the old phone as far as data so in the end now I have about 9 gig of stuff on the phone instead of it already being maxed out at around 14 gig not leaving enough room to install the new ios.  And that is why I needed to use the macbook to install the software.  Next up was our new iphone case which arrived days early.  I ordered it about two days ago and it was supposed to get here Wednesday but arrived on a Sunday which says alot about Amazon as a company and how they have their sh-t together.  It took us a while to figure out how to install the new cover but we got it and put on the iphone screen protector tambien.  Its all good.  We went for a cold walk.  The weather has been absolutely horrible, but we are smiling.  We saw Patrick and Mindy out on our walk.  It might have been the first time I ever saw them walking together on a walk; meaning the kids are finally starting to get old enough they can go out and be by themselves.  What a life !
Monday 09
At the end of the day we went out for a walk and spoke to Patrick and Izzy right off the bat, then Miriam who had starts for sale in front of Mark Sherman's house then Jorge and Catherine the great.  It was a gorgeous / sunny cold afternoon as we had on hats / gloves / and scarves for May 9.  But we enjoyed the very quiet park and the majesty of life.  At around 9am this morning I had about a 90 minute impromptu call with John Gutman.  It was a fine talk and we both basked in the glory of the friendship now for 47 years.
Tuesday 10
In the afternoon I worked outside cleaning up some seeds and going through them.  Also planted some seeds down on the Marion garden bed.  Tuesday market was nice; spent most of my time talking to Ken.  Phoenix and Naj gave me some free soup for helping her out the other day with an email issue.  The weather was nice; chilly but sunny.
Wednesday 11
Hb and I went for a nice walk prior to my meeting.  It was sunny, gorgeous, blue sky when we started.  Towards the end the weather was transitioning.  My meeting went well.  Afterwards Hb and I did our food circuit shopping.  Came home, ate dinner and spoke to Dad for along while.  We talked more about Ben and death and dying becoming more main stream over time.  It is relevant to Dad and to the general topic of conversation including what is going on in my immediate family life right now.  Today was Jerry's birthday tambien.
Thursday 12
It rained all day today, but Robert Levin sent me a nice note about my note to Jerry yesterday on his birthday about Ben.  In the evening we went for a short walk around the block and it was 49 degrees when I checked.  This weather sucks.
Friday 13
The morning was nice so I got outside and filled up the yellow bin with a ton of boxes that were soaking wet in the side yard.  They were easy to crush because of it.  Also, massive glass recycling today with my glass bin and bob's tambien.  Got rid of most of the glass I wanted to toss and then some.  This was like a year overdue.  Lots more work to do on this front.  By the time the afternoon rolled along it started to rain and appears to be the story for the rest of the day.  Did I say yet how wet and how much the weather sucks !  Lots of nice emails with Robert Levin regarding my note the other day to Jerry and his family re: Ben.
Saturday 14
Farmer's market in the morning followed by a nice walk in the forest near Joe and Suzanne's house.  We love going to their house and this time was no different.  Weather was grand and sunny for awhile; so we were extremely happy about that and being out in nature at their lovely home.  Joe's mom Sharon is just starting to get her house planned and the bull dozing on the land is underway.  We celebrated Joe's 50th birthday which was on May 9th.  He was born in 1972.
Sunday 15
Cut the grass, plus keep going on Smith Loop.  We are now at the end and walking back.  This time we cut across the hazel nut fields at the turn and walked through those fields to a road and walked over to the river.
Monday 16
Walk around the block.  Saw Kathy with Ildi, Renee, and Leslie; along with Peace and Mart.
Tuesday 17
Tuesday market was nice.  We sat with Mahogany and I bought him a tamale.  We had a nice talk with mushroom tambien.  Earlier in the afternoon when it was still warm we did our walk around WL.  The weather was nice and sunny; and we were happy with the sun.
Wednesday 18
Hb had a lunch with Dev at Nina's.  I had my meeting.  JT is developing a new programming language.  In the evening we went for a walk and afterwards I took some books from the back seat of my car over to the little library near the big trees on the street just north and west of Thompson called Stone.
Thursday 19
We did our laundry in the morning and in the afternoon we cleaned out the garage.  I pulled some old TJ turkey out of the freezer and we had that for an early dinner and then went for a walk.  Dad sent me a note about Karis community in Denver and I made a donation for Ben Angerman. 
Friday 20
I sent Anne and Jerry a note about my donation and listened to Natalia's song all morning Hasta la raiz.  Hb went to Marie's house for a reading and I cooked some food and listened to the song.  I also found a description of it on NPR which was really fascinating.  At 1pm David came over and we went for a walk around the park.  Along the way we ran into Mark and Joey, and then 3 minutes later Mushroom and Linda.  It was a glorious day and I was very happy today.  The music set the tone and the relationship with David made for a beautiful day.  Came home and then Hb and I went for another walk around WL.
Saturday 21
Today I am 61 and 1/2.  It was a gorgeous sunny day !  We went to the Farmer's Market and saw Will and Kathy along with Mayan and his wife Susan.  Stopped by the coop for coffee and Hb got a $4 bean burrito at our new favorite mexican restaurant to go.  Joanna takes care of us.  Came home and did some eating and then some gardening.  Getting some soil ready to plant some cucumber starts.  Hb gave me a haircut today.  Hb cut my hair.
Sunday 22
Hb and I did the shopping circuit and then Will came over around 4pm and we hung outside till 7pm.  As we talked it got more and more cloudy and chilly.  In other words the blasting sun turned to chilly clouds.  And that is why we were not in the back yard but I was closer to the driveway and Will was under the tree.
Monday 23
Did a bunch of errands in the morning including shutting down Hb sdb, got gas for mower, got my car tires checked with air at Les Schwab, went to Big 5 and bought a mouth guard and tennis shoes.  Spoke to Dad on our walk around the WL and into the park.  Its summer here :)  And we are happy.  I prepared some dirt for the cucumber planting tomorrow.
Tuesday 24
Hb went out this morning and got back around 1pm.  I cooked some lunch and then cut the grass.  We had a nice time at the Tuesday market and we had a long talk with Ben Frueh, Joe, Mark.  It was a nice warm evening, in fact the past couple of days have been warmer.
Wednesday 25
Had our meeting and then cooked salmon and then was outside for the rest of the afternoon.  I dug up the backyard garden bed which had not been touched since last autumn when I dug up the fava bean bed and put all of the soil literally on top of the garden bed in a big pile.  Today I also transplanted the thyme into the side yard garden as it was not doing that well and was kind of in the way in a big way.  Plus I did not want having a permanent plant in the middle of that garden space.  It might be happier in its new location.  Also planted Jan's swiss chard in a big pot on the slab too.  We will see how it does there.
Thursday 26
Big day.  And it was cloudy most of the day.  We stopped by VC first to get some K2 for Hb and then we went out to LBCC and walked around for a short bit.  Then we got to Hendrix and had cheese burgers, gluten free buns, potato salad, chips, water mellon, pickles, cookies and an ice cream truck to top it off.  Yummy in my tummy and as Hb would say junk food city.  Afterwards we walked through the tunnel to the other side of Hwy34 and walked around a big warehouse park that appeared to be partially Amazon.  Almost twilight zonish.  No rain, but humid and muggy today.  I sat down at the end of the road and took off my sweat pants.  I was actually sitting on a rock and got down to my underwear and put back on my short pants.  That was the first time I ever did that but it was muggy.  From there we drove home and hung out till about 5pm when we went over to LaSells for the art exhibit.  Will met us there and Tina was happy to see us !  We had meatballs, chips, a cheese dip, and some other stuff.  Then we walked with Will over to the music which never happened.  We saw Byron and Crystal there.  Hung for a bit, admired the spring flowers and walked back.  Along the way we ran back into Will who took a detour.  We stood there for a bit and watched the OSU students playing softball.  And then we walked back to our car and came home.  I did some final trash stuff for tomorrow and we were done for the day.
Friday 27
Hb and Dev went out in the early afternoon and I planted the summer squash that Jan gave us a few days back down on the Marion garden.  In the evening we went over to Renee's for a fire.  It was for Gemini birthdays.  Cedar was back in town.  We had a nice talk with Will.  I also spoke to Byron and he told me his journey with Anna over the past 4 years.  At the end of the evening we spoke to Leif and he told us the definition of wealth is about the environment and community around you / people, and having honorable work.
Saturday 28
Oregon weather sucks today !  We never left the house because it was rainy, cold, and later in the day windy.
Sunday 29
Our first time in Salem, Oregon this year.  Went to our coop lifesource and got some lunch and got a hit on Hb's lip stick.  Prior to that we walked around Independence and Hb got a coffee and a blueberry muffin.  We walked into the hotel and had a nice talk with a student who is doing sign language for his major.  He was from Wyoming and had his shit together and had a 2 bedroom apt for 1k per month.  It was a cold, sunny, rainy, very windy day but we made the best of it.  In the evening I had a nice talk with Sharon.  I had not spoken to her since she was in Wyoming.  She helped Liz out with a project.  We went to TJ's and the Coop before we came home.  I bought some Almond bread from the Elephant Baking Co.
Monday 30
So it was chilly today, but we got outside and ran into Jan with the pink hair and her neighbor Stacy who Hb struck up a conversation with.  They are both into similar academic subjects.  As we were talking to them it started raining.  Jan's new dog is named Zeus and the old dog is named Pearl.  It rained for along time and we made it to the bus shelter on Bethel and Renee was sitting there.  We had a nice long talk with her and then it stopped raining and we walked home.  Along the way I picked up some pots.  Got home and took a bath and spoke to Dad.  We had a nice Memorial Day weekend; even though the weather sucked.
Tuesday 31
I got up early and was at Dr. Burnett's office before 7:30am.  The windows were wet in the morning as the night was cold.  He took me immediately and I was back home by 8:30am.  Verdict: root canal + crown = $2500.   Pedro came by around 11:30am and we hung out till 1pm.  I cooked, and Hb cut up scapes.  Just as we were about to eat Patrick and Mindy stopped by for awhile and I helped Mindy get set up on google docs to write a cover letter.  By the time we walked over to the Tuesday market around 4:30pm Mindy was on her bike with Patrick and they were going for a ride into the park.  She reported back to me that she had 3 cover letters done.  Tuesday market was nice.  I had a long talk with Ashley of AC/DC who I introduced to Cheryl, Michael, and Leif.  We talked to Ken about an autobiography that Jimmy Carter wrote about life growing up in Georgia.  Karen Cannan was sitting with Ken when we showed up.  It was her first time to the Tuesday market.  At the end of the evening in front of Phoenix's house we had a long talk with Craig.  He told us a joke about someone who gets a choice between heaven and hell.  He eventually chooses hell cause its more fun with good parties.  But after making that choice and going to hell he learns that it ain't that good.  When he goes back to G-d and tells him that.  God says, oh yeah, when you came by last time you were just a tourist or visitor but now you are a local.  Meaning in life, the grass is always greener on the other side.  But when you actually arrive at a place and have to be with yourself or in your life things change quickly.  This joke is great !  It is the story of our life and my life.


June 2022


Wednesday 01
Big day in Hollywood.  Started out by going up to Russell's early and got back by 12:30pm.  Had our nushell meeting at 1pm.  Then went back outside and worked till 7pm.  Stacy, Michele's new friend we met the other day in the park with Jan who has pink hair came over to our house for the first time.  Hb and I went for a walk around 6pm and met Dick who has the red hawthorne trees, amber who lives next door to jennifer on ryan in the shabby rentals next to the big field, and marissa who lives across the street from pedro and diane.
Thursday 02
We did our sheets today along with laundry and we started out early.  Walk around WL.  I did some weeding at Russell's in the evening and took out the yard waste bin.  Today was day 1 of datafusion.
Friday 03
We are back into the rains again, oh no...  Hb and I went shopping in the morning and stopped by the bank to return the key that luke sent us.  I did some planting of seeds at Russell's and in the side yard.  Simona got her garden going for the first time today.  After several years we have people gardening at the end of Marion.  This is good news !
Saturday 04
We got rained on at the Farmer's market today, but we didn't care; it wasn't too cold and we needed food anyway.  We missed last weeks market cause of rain and we were not going to let this week's rain get in our way.  We both wore our raincoats for the first time in probably a year or so, surprisingly and we trudged through the rain at the market.  It actually wasn't too bad.  We stopped by the mexican restaurant and Hb got her bean burrito for $4.  We hung out in the afternoon and held off on going to Ali's party until about 6pm.  I saw Patrick and Boyd and Jan leave the party and was a bit bummed we didn't go; but then Hb said something about the party and we decided to head on over there.  Bob was there along with Jerry and Hester and we met Ali's mom Chris who we hit it off with.  She turned out to be very cool and so she and Hb struck up a conversation and the rest is history. We enjoyed our talk with her and she lives west of Tacoma and north of Olympia.  She has horses and goats.  We told her to stop by our house next time she is in town.  We got home just before 8pm and the rains had subsided on both sides of our walk to and fro and a very nice party was had by all.  Ali had a chocolate fountain and lots of other yummy goodies.
Sunday 05
Late in the day I spoke with Sima.  Tessie had been in the hospital for 5 weeks and at her nieces house for another 2 weeks.  Rand never went out to La.  Sima has a nice remote job that will allow her to work from ABQ while she takes care of Tessie the next amount of time.  She broke up with her boyfriend Brad after 3 years back in January.  Sima pays $1200 a month for a bedroom in La.  Twice as much as I paid 12 years ago.  Prices have doubled.  And capitalism has its bad points; and we know what they are; and we all have it greed.  Earlier in the day Hb and I rode out towards Albany.  Our first stop was LBCC.  We parked there and walked around the campus.  It was locked up but we got to hang out there.  We then walked over to the fields and sat on the bench and watched some guys play soccer.  It was a nice morning.  It was cool, but the sun was partially out and we enjoyed ourselves.   On the walk back to the car we read about the history of Planet Earth from about 4.5B years ago.  I love this stuff.  From there we went to Costco.  We bought some TP, and some laundry detergent, Hb bought syrup and we bought a whole chicken for this week.  I think the chickens were $5.  That was a deal.  TP was $18.79 up from $17 last time and I have no idea how much laundry detergent was last time.  I guess the heavier items cost more, who knows.  The detergent should last us for at least a year or more.  And we get 30 roles of TP.  After Costco and getting snacks there we went over to Rigobertos for a nice lunch of fajitas.  And then to downtown Albany to watch the merry go round at our favorite spot.  It started to sprinkle a bit so we headed on home.  The weather at home was nice so we went for another walk around the block and then I called Rand and spoke to he and Sima.
Monday 06
I cut the grass in the afternoon and skipped to bagging instead of mulching because the grass was so high and so wet.  Interesting to note that it is necessary in these particular situations.  We continue to learn in life.  Also, major breakthrough on understanding the latin american culture as seen through the eyes of our neighbor on Ryan cecilia who told us her life story today.  It was a fascinating window into the life of these people and brings more home to me what I was observing while living in Argentina as well as a better understanding of the Latin culture and the complicated nature of the people from there.
Tuesday 07
I made a decision today to call Dr. Burnett and subsequently schedule my first root canal appt currently for Monday June 20.  I also had a talk with Nathan Sobo founder of Zed.  In the afternoon I installed it and my machine froze up from Rust Analyzer running on the Iox repo.  Oh no...  Bob gave us a nice pint of strawberries.  At 6:12pm I made the executive decision to head over to the Tuesday market.  Hb stayed back and chilled.  It was a gray, cloudy, late spring evening in OR with a touch of rain in the air.  The big tree at the Tuesday market fell, Ken gave me a book on Jimmy Carter which I passed along to Kevin.  Craig was there, along with Jorge and Mark.  Valerie gave me a cheese dip and I will give her $3 next week.
Wednesday 08
Today was a good day.  Hb and I had a nice walk this morning over to WL.  Its nice to go for a walk just before my nushell meeting and get back just before 1pm.  We left around 11am.  The meeting went really well today, the vibe was good.  Looks like JT is gone the next 4 weeks working.  Hb and I went to the coop after our meeting and we came back and Hb got to work cleaning the car.  She has been talking about cleaning the car since we got home from Carson City at the end of November and it happened today.  I cooked some of the chicken we bought the other day from Costco and made some more vegetables.  Also finished up the rest of the sweet potatoes we bought out near BlueRock.  I did some watering this evening.  This evening was one of the first nice nights in a while.  Wow !  We get a hint of summer here and there.  Looks like my Jury Duty for tomorrow morning is cancelled.  Its kind of a weird thing.  The message was from last week June 2 and the website is not clear either but I guess I am good to NOT go.
Thursday 09
Spoke to Johng's friend Lauren this morning.  She lives in Tucson and is way into the Spanish culture and her grandma is Cuban.  In the afternoon we went for a walk around the park and ran into Summer at the end of our journey.  She is going to Colorado in August.  We had a nice chat with Patrick on Ryan on our way home as Izzy and Juniper were picking plums at Cecilia's house.  I got a 5lb bag of rice at Coho.
Friday 10
I made it to week 34 today, which is quite a valiant record.  Keep going !  Phoenix and I went for a walk around the park and WL.  It was very cloudy today but really never rained that much.
Saturday 11
Farmer's market.  Nancy told us that she arrived here in 1970 and this is the first year that she can remember where its so cold and so wet this late in the year.  It rained again at the Farmer's market but the timing was good and we got our minimal shopping done before it started raining so we hung out for awhile under the GT tent and then for a bit somewhere else.  We got a bean burrito still for $4 from Joanna at La Manchin.  Came home and did some cooking and then did the license plates for the subaru.  Hung out with Patrick in the evening and Juniper played with Hb.  They had a good night.
Sunday 12
It was raining until we went to Pedro's.  I cooked in the morning.  We had a nice visit with Mike and Kathy and Pedro.  He is still in the wheel chair but making progress.  Came home and went shopping.  Then we went for a walk and met Jack McDaniel down on Renee's land in the dome.
Monday 13
I am still turning my heat on in my room.  We just got back from a walk and its 54 degrees outside.  We went over to buy some gas for the lawn mower and then came home and went for a walk.  We left the house for the gas after 6pm and got back after our walk at 8:30pm and it is still very light outside.
Tuesday 14
Peter came by before noon and we went over to a house in WL to get the paint color for his house.  We rang the bell and Shelley came out eventually and she brought us the paint cans to take a picture of.  Came back home and then Hb and I went over to Big5 to get my 2nd pair of running shoes.  I ordered up a couple more pairs of shoes.  Came back and cooked lunch and then we went over to the Tuesday market.  Saw Jack McDaniel who we met the other day at Renee's along with Mark and eventually the rest of the crew.  I paid Valerie $3 from last week and got another pie from her.  It was a sunny cool evening and we rapped with Sole and Mahogany for awhile. 
Wednesday 15
Another cool mellow day at the farm.  We went out for a nice walk in the evening and got home at 9pm just as the sun was setting.  We like this time of year.  Had our nushell meeting earlier in the day.  JT is doing his training so he wasn't there.  We had a nice mellow meeting.
Thursday 16
Inavale farm and we did the big loop around on the hill.  In the evening I cut the grass and came inside just around 9pm.  These are the lightest days of the year. We walked 3.7 miles.
Friday 17
Hb went over to Dev's at 1pm and I hung out.  It was a very rainy morning.  I spoke to John Zeuli.  In the evening it got super sunny and windy and chilly and so we went out for a walk after dinner.
Saturday 18
Dinner at Pedro's house with Hugh, Mike and Kathy.  Pedro got lamb and Mike brought a kale and sweet potato salad.  Hugh looks great and I went for a walk down to Crystal Lake when we first arrived.  In the afternoon I planted some cucumbers in the backyard.  We will see what happens.  This time I did not put the seeds down to deeply.
Sunday 19
We did the shopping circuit in the early afternoon and the came home and had dinner.  I had a nice father's day talk with Dad.  He read me in an article in the WSJ about a house that was recently built in Bend, OR with CLT, cross laminated timber.  Its still chilly outside in the evening but that is supposed to change relatively soon.
Monday 20
So I got up around 6am and was at the dentist before 9am and got the bad news from Dr. Mitchell that my tooth was dead, as in DOA.  The reason it didn't hurt anymore when I chewed and when there was hot and cold water is because the nerve died.  Anyway, I was really bummed out this morning but by about noon I made the call to Dr. Burnett and within about 15 minutes I had a call from Dr. Clark's office that there was a cancellation on Wednesday at 2pm.  So I made some quick decisions and that is my current plan.  Stay tuned.  Dev came over in the afternoon and hung out with Hb and then Hb and I went for a nice walk around WL.  We saw Miguel in front of his house on the way home.  I had not seen him since we went for a walk last summer with him and Jaffer.  I saw his kids too.  The afternoon was warm and sunny.  The first nice day we have had in quite a while and we think summer may be here.  Just in time for tomorrow :)
Tuesday 21
Long email stream with Iris, coincidentally on the one year anniversary since we spoke on the phone.  Lots of drama around my tooth and my appointment tomorrow with Dr. Clark who is an oral surgeon who may remove my tooth.  Great time at the Tuesday market, Mike, Kathy, and Pedro were all there.  In fact we ran into Pedro on his bike coming down Ryan and we walked with him over to the Tuesday market.  Earlier in the day I did lots of work at Russell's cleaning out a bunch of weeds in my garden space.  It was a gorgeous sunny, summer day in Oregon.
Wednesday 22
Another beautiful day !  I went to Dr. Clark's office who is an oral surgeon and got there around 2pm.  Prior to that I stopped by Office Max to send a fax to Vgd.  It all worked out today.  My tooth was not pulled, so we will see what happens.  In the evening we went to Renee's as Johngi just got back in town.  I saw Jaffer for the first time since late last year.  We had a very nice talk.
Thursday 23
Early in the morning I emailed David Mayfield about getting together and within an hour we had a plan.  He came by right away and we went for a short walk into the park.  On our way home we ran into Boyd and he gave us a tour of his garden in the backyard.  David was down in the Alturas area and so he gave me an update on his trip.  Afterwards I pretty much worked outside all day.  Doing watering and work around the yard and side yard.  In the evening I had a nice talk with Dad.  Iris had her preliminary surgery today to do some exploratory work.
Friday 24
Interesting afternoon starting about 30 minutes post market close and what is turning out to be a Friday 1pm ritual on successful logged weeks.  In the morning we did some laundry.  We headed out and the first stop was our bench in the park in the disc golf area near Luke's farm.  Then we walked over to the beach and hung out there for a bit.  I found a pair of glasses for a young girl.  Then we walked over to the dock and hung out at the end of the dock.  It was our first time at the bench, the beach, and the dock.  Then we walked along the grass and attempted to cut up through the Tuesday market but there was still water at that level with July 4th one weekend away.  This may be a record for wetness in the spring and not another year like this in many years but we will see.  Doubled back through Renee's and talked to Cedar for awhile.  Then ran into Byron who just earlier in the day had sent a message to Dan at OddFellows about not wanting to do it.  I had a brew ha ha with Dan yesterday over this issue.  Then we had a long talk with Johngi who gave us an update on his trip from Tucson up here.  Had dinner and then worked outside to dark and had a long talk with Steve.  Our first talk of the summer, and it was a good one. His daughter bought a house behind LBCC where we like to hang out.
Saturday 25
Started the day out at Hb bank and Office Depot.  More stuff on Vgd account.  Then we went to Grocery Outlet and the Farmer's market.  It was our first time hanging out at the water fountain watching the kids play.  It was HOT today.  Our first really hot day of summer.  It was in the low 90's.  We stopped by the burrito place and then we came home, had some lunch and then I worked outside all afternoon doing more weeding.  Its nice to be able to work outside all afternoon in the garden.  Came in, took a shower and a nap and then made a salad for Sherrie's going away party from Renee's land out to Katie Stokes house.  It was a lovely warm evening.  We sat across from Joe and Deb and met Eloise who is a farm hand up in Portland.  She helped Sherrie out on her land a few years back.  Jack McDaniel was there along with Mark W, and the rest of the Sherrie gang.  They had an open mic all night and people told skunk stories.  We got home at 9pm and it was still very warm on the walk home.  Yet on the lower land I had a long sleeve shirt on.
Sunday 26
The day started out at 10:30am when Kathy, Mike, and Pedro came over and we hung out for about 2 hours.  Then I had a bit of lunch and then worked outside all afternoon.  It was in the mid 90's and hot, but I liked it.  I mainly worked on cutting down a branch that was blocking a passage way in the man cave between Steve and our house.  I sawed through a very thick branch of a dead tree and eventually borrowed a hatchet from Jan and Boyd to finish off the job.  Once the passage way was clear I got in there and did a big blackberry cleaning up of that whole area.  It looks nice now.  Steve gave me the green light and the go ahead to do the work.  Got done around 5pm and came in and took a big shower :)  In the cool evening we out for a walk around the block.  The temperature was perfect and we were happy.  It was about 80 degrees and felt perfect.
Monday 27
Called the oral surgeon Dr. Clark at 8am and by 10am they called me back while I was outside watering the side yard.  I am set in Salem for Wednesday morning at 8am.  Early afternoon we swung by the PO as I sent a form back to Vgd and then we went over to TJ's.  In the evening we walked around the block and saw Mushroom and Linda.  Earlier in the morning I did some watering and cleaned up the East Jen gate oregano patch and dill.
Tuesday 28
Tuesday market was great.  Hung out with Cedar for awhile.  Met Mike and Kathy's friend Candace along with Prem's daughter and 3 children.  Earlier we worked outside in the afternoon.  Temps were perfect and not too hot after a hot weekend.
Wednesday 29
Yesterday evening I sent David Kleiman his birthday email and got a nice note back from his this morning.  I was up before 5am and turned off all of the alarms, made my cereal for Hb and I and we were out the door before 6:30pm.  We were at the dentist's office, Dr Clark around 7:15am and parked and then walked over to Dutch Bros which was next door to get Hb a coffee.  The line was long but they had a walk up counter.  At 8am they took me in, and I was out by 8:35am.  I had tooth number 4 pulled and the area prepared for my implant in 4 months or so.  I get the stitches out in a few weeks.  The procedure was quick and to the point, and m doctor knew what he was doing.  That is why he gets paid the big bucks.  This evening I feel fine, have no pain (at all) even though immediately afterwards we stopped at Fred Meyer down the street to get IB and Tylenol for a grand total of $4.25.  I will probably take one this evening.  I spoke to Dad this evening and Hb and I went for a walk around the block, we watered at Russell's and I redirected a squash plant in the side yard not to go over Simona's garden.  It was a gorgeous night and we had a nice talk with Cheryl across the street.  She has been there now for 5 years living at home with her Mom.  Oh yeah we had our meeting today too.  JT was not there and it was Fernando, Darren, and Steffan.  Fernando was back home in Almoloya to be with his Mom.  His father passed away 2 years ago.  Fernando got his PhD in Chemical Engineering in England 12 years ago and switched to CS.  Steffan is working on his Master's degree in Bioinformatics.
Thursday 30
We got five free tomato plants at Cheryl's on our walk home after talking to Cedar and I planted all of them at Russell's.  Those are my first tomato plants of the year.  Earlier in the day I watered the Marion street garden and Simona told me they bought that new blue van.  We sat at our ultimate bench in the park prior to walking over to Renee's.


July 2022


Friday 01
Hb went to Anna's house for lunch so I walked her over there and picked up one more free tomato plant and threw it in the ground at Russell's.   Cooper came by around 3pm and we talked for about an hour about him finishing up his computer certificate degree and next projects.  He is doing great and living at Patrick and Mindy's house for the summer as they are out in Halfway.  In the evening we had a nice short walk around the block.
Saturday 02
Farmer's market saw Bina, it was pretty crowded for 4th of July weekend.  I had a nice talk with Dad.  He told me about his jobs in his early years including being a chauffeur for a lollipop salesman and his summer job working in a scrap yard in Glassport.  I discovered today that todo lo que odio de la vida es la fuente de mi rabia.
Sunday 03
Mellow day at home.  In the afternoon we went to VC and TJ's and to Hb's bank for some cash.  Earlier I had a nice talk with Hugh, Pedro's friend about the stock market as its down a bit this year and he has lost about 20% or 60k.  Its a tough game as we all know.  Weather is perfect, in the low to mid 70's.
Monday 04
Watered in the late morning...  We made polenta and Valerie's pie for lunch.  In the later afternoon after a walk into the park to our bench at the frisbee spot, we walked back up through Renee's and had a nice chat with Michael (Cheryl).  Then we stopped at the coop and picked up a 1.5Qt salted caramel ice cream and went down town, parked at our spot and sat on the river at a bench and ate the whole thing including 2 ripe bananas.  Then we walked on further and ran into the 4th of July festivities and walah the space neighbors were just getting started on their set.  We got lucky and listened to most of their gigs.  We saw Jack from Xigam land, Phoenix and Naj, and Byron in the distance.
Tuesday 05
Merrily working away this morning and everything was todo bien.  Around 10:30am Michael showed up in his big truck and we were ready to talk about painting the house.  So we did that, he gave me a list of stuff to buy and I was off on my next project / adventure.  Hb and I went to Miller Paint and got all of the stuff and we went to Sherwin Williams to buy the paint.  We bought one gallon for starters and we will probably buy more if we need it.  It was kind of rainy later in the day which is good timing as we had gotten home from our adventure doing the errands for the paint.  Around 6pm we headed over to the Tuesday market in the rain with our raincoats and Tim was at Phoenix's house so we got to spend some time with him.  It was nice seeing him.  It had been awhile and he was working for Manuel in his store so that Manuel could go to San Antonio with his whole family to watch his daughter graduate.  Afterwards we headed over to the Tuesday market and talked to Ken for awhile.  Carol is moving out of her house and Lisa is putting the house up for remodel and rerenting or something to that effect so Ken needs to find a new place.  We walked home and then I went back and got 4 plants from Alison who gave me some brasiccas for the side yard.  It was kind of her to give me 4 free plants.  She is very cool too.  I had a long talk with Jason at 9:30pm about life and our current situation.  It was the first time he and I spoke deeply about our current times and what is happening around us !  It was great to speak with him.
Wednesday 06
Day 1 of Michael working on the house.  In the afternoon we went to Robnett's and got some more supplies for him and we stopped by the coop on the way home so Hb could do some shopping.
Thursday 07
I had a nice talk with Tessie for the first time since she got home from the hospital in LA.  She was in the hospital for 29 days and at her cousin's house another two weeks.  Sima is moving back home to Abq and packing up all of her stuff in La.  She is not getting a storage shed.  I spoke to Rand briefly tambien. I woke up in the morning and it appeared something was hanging out of my mouth.  Could not tell if it was the bone cement, a piece of leftover gauze but I attempted initially to cut out the stitch with Hb's scissors and then thought I had better call the dentist which I did do and luckily Dr. Clark was in Albany today so Hb and I left the house at 11am and we went for a short walk prior to the appointment up to the field which is the back half of the National Energy Lab.  Earlier prior to going to Albany I began cleaning out the shed and looking for some tools for Michael to help him paint the house.  I did find some primer and some other odds and ends.  The dentist was cool again and so luckily it was the material for the stuff in my mouth and was no big deal.  Afterwards Hb and I went for a walk from Walnut and 8th over to the cemetery and circled back around.  We then went and had our lunch at Rigoberto's and then drove downtown and heard a bit of Sheena Easton sing on stage.  We found that out later it was her.  We went to the merry go round, walked around downtown a bit and then headed home.  Michael was finishing up so I am glad we got home early.  He is doing great work for us and he is a good guy.
Friday 08
Michael did more painting and almost finished the front of the house.  In the afternoon after he was done we went over to the Sherwin Williams paint store and bought 2 more gallons of paint.  Then we went over to the park next to Linus Pauling and walked around there for awhile.  We like that park !  We stopped by and got some Chinese food on Van Buren and 11th called Shanghai Wok and the food was not passable in my opinion.  I ate it, but the food did not have good energy.
Saturday 09
Michael arrived around 9am and finished the front of the house just before we headed off to the Farmer's market.  We had a good market and spoke to Jana for quite awhile.  One of her interesting notes was about peanuts and the fact that people may not be allergic to the peanuts but rather the pesticides used in the ground for the cotton / peanuts during crop rotation.  Oh brother.  We sat by the fountain for awhile and watched the kids.  It was a beautiful day.  We had a nice trip !  Went home, had some lunch and I spoke to Iris.  The last time we spoke was June 22, 2021, so its been just over one year since we had a real nice talk.  Her surgery is July 21 and may last many hours and she will be in the hospital for about 5 - 7 days.  We then went to Sherwin Williams to pick up our last can of paint.  We bought 4 cans of paint and Michael already used one of them.  Afterwards we went back to the same park we were at yesterday called Garfield City Park next to Linus Pauling Middle School.  We had a good day.  I spoke to Dad in the evening.  He went for a bike ride today.  He will be 90 years old in one week.  Wow !
Sunday 10
Peter came over in the morning and we hung out in the side yard.  He rode his bike over here after going for a ride.  It was a lovely, sunny warm Sunday morning and not TOO hot so we had a nice visit.  Then I ate my hot cereal for lunch with some rice.  Then I went outside and cut the grass (hopefully for the last time).  Then I trimmed back the tree in front of Hb's bedroom window.  I have to do that every year.  Then I pulled out all of the yellow flowers bind weed everywhere in our yard.  It was starting to go to seed and getting that out of there was critical.  I may be too late, but its a start and I no longer see the yellow flowers.  Then we went for a walk to the frisbee bench in the park.  Then we came home and had dinner and I figured out how the honda lawn mower mulch to bag switch works.  It was clogged with grass on the door and I got my finger in there and cleaned it out and now it works.  That was one minor victory for me.
Monday 11
Major breakthrough with work early in the morning.  Nushell is now integrated into iox, see worklog for more details.  Michael got here around 10am and put in 3 hours on the west side.  I did tons of work on the shed, in cleanup mode and took a massive amount of books over to the Tuesday market free box and brought back 2 sets of nice bookshelves for the shed.  Hb had her first workout class at the senior center with Dev at 3pm.  I had a great talk with Dad around 4:30pm.  It was a precursor to his birthday celebration.  Today was a good day.  It was hot, sunny and I was very happy.  I watered this morning tambien.  Late on a very warm summer evening we went for a walk around the block and ran into Mushroom and Linda who introduced us to Homer who lives on Thompson just north of Steve with the 2 big dogs.  Homer bought his house in 1975 and Thompson was still a gravel road at that time.  Mushroom and Linda told us about Deane's Oceanfront Lodge in Yachats.
Tuesday 12
Michael arrived and after breakfast I went over to Russell's and hauled out part I of all of the radish green weeds there.  It was mostly a failed experiment; maybe a different strategy next year.  The Tuesday market was interesting.  We hung out with Prem, Pedro and Craig and talked about the fact that I could never use a weapon to kill someone.  Craig walked back to our house with us and hung out for awhile in the living room.  He and I then walked a bit up Ryan and he went on his way.  He was in a good place this evening and we had a nice time hanging out.
Wednesday 13
In the evening Hb and I went to Avery Park for a walk and then the coop afterwards.  It was a perfectly beautiful summer evening with the temps in the very low 80's.  Earlier Hb did yoga with Dev and I finished up cleaning out the shed.  A great summer project.  Michael worked till past 5pm today and almost finished the east side of the house.  He started working on it after my meeting at 2pm and he was done just after 5pm.  So it only took him 3 hours to paint the east side.  All of the work in this job has been scraping and preparing for the job to happen.  I will know for next time the house has to be painted on a regular basis.  We had our nushell meeting today.  JT was back after a 4 week hiatus.  He was doing training.
Thursday 14
Michael finished up painting our house today, it was a good project, and he is an amazing human being.  He finished 3 sides, all that is left is the back of the house, plus the facia and soffits.  That can happen next year :)  Or whenever he wants to do it.  Hb and I went for a short walk in the evening with Mike and Kirsten.  They were in Mexico since November and she had a mini stroke down there along with bad recs for dentists who do implants in Mexico.  A telltale sign for me and the Johng saga tambien.  So that is just what the doctor ordered or me listening to the universe on that topic.  Not that I was leaning that way, but my slight hesitation to get it done here was fulfilled with her story.  She believes her stroke may have been caused by that procedure.  No clue on that one, but interesting none the less.
Friday 15
Completed pulling out all of the radish greens and other assorted and sundry weeds and planted my cucumbers today tambien.  On the way home I had a nice talk with Dan.  He showed me the work on his roof and how he jacked it up.  Hb and I had a nice talk with the spanish lady on the corner of Ryan 2 block north of us.  She has an 8 month old baby who had the gripe.   Spoke to Ken this evening.
Saturday 16
Day 1 of harvesting the garlic.  We spoke to Dad on Zoom for his 90th birthday and then went outside and started the harvest.  The hint is when others are selling garlic at the Farmer's market.  The garlic this year looks really good.  Must have been the wet and cool spring makes the garlic happy.  A really dry spring and its probably clearly not as healthy and meaty.  Earlier in the day we saw Bina at the farmer's market.  It was her first week there.  This afternoon we did some cucumber salad and for some reason preparing and eating that took up most of the afternoon.
Sunday 17
Great day.  It started out at BellFountain park.  We got there probably around 10am, which was a nice early start for us on a gorgeous, slightly cloudy and cool summer morning.  We hung out in the park for awhile and walked the loop of the park.  Then we ventured out down the road and ran into the wood guy as our first stop.  He has been doing wood there for 35 years.  We then continued on down the road till the end where it bangs into the mainy highway.  We had never gone that far in the past, but the temps were perfect and the morning was ripe and fine.  Hb got a call from Elizabeth Porter whose daughter just passed about a week back.  On the way home we stopped by at the Hiatt Farm and got some cookies, a lemon bar, Hb had a chicken yummy roll and I bought some nice onions.  The lemon bar was rock and roll amazing.   Josh remembered our names as M & M and we loved going there.  We got home around 1pm.  Hb took a nap and eventually I did some cooking.  At around 5:30pm we left for Bina's annual garden party.  At the party we met Ron who had a business at Barnegat Lighthouse on Long Beach Island.  He just so happens to be friends with Jan and Boyd.  I picked up on that because his wife Carol had just passed and he lives right near Mary's peak on the way to Alsea.  We also saw Jack there who owns Grass Roots Books.  Ron brought an egg plant parmesan and Bina's cake was delayed until next weekend.
Monday 18
Hb had her class at 3pm and I continued harvesting the garlic.  In the morning I watered and stamped down some big grass in the field adjacent to the side yard.  I worked outside from about 11am until Hb left the house at 3pm.  In the evening we went for a walk around the meadow at WL and on our way home we saw the Hervey's from Coho.
Tuesday 19
Big morning on the errand front.  Started out by taking back paint supplies back to both Robnett's and Miller Paint.  Michael finished up the project last week and there was some left over stuff that I got to return.  I then swung by the CrossRoads Car place in southtown and Richard and his wife ordered the part for me.  Went home and got a call from Big5.  So I went back out and my first stop was Les Schwab for new wiper blades along with driving back over to Big5 to pick up two more pairs of tennis shoes.  In the afternoon Dev came over for a bit to hang out with Hb.  At around 4:30pm we walked over to the park and then did the big loop around.  We stopped by Coho for some water and I ate some purple plums which are just coming online and they are yummy.  Tuesday market was nice.  We talked to Van for awhile and then Mike Beilstein.  Then we went over to Phoenix's and hung out with Pedro, Will and eventually Byron.  I got a sandwich from Phoenix with gluten free bread.
Wednesday 20
Hb went to class and I went outside and cut up and put all of the branches from the tree I trimmed back in the corner of the house in Bob and our yard waste bin.  Bob is out of town with Sandy for 10 days.  Also did some other trash maintenance.  In the morning Hb completed painting the front of the house in the spot where Michael had put the dry wood.  She did a great job and the painting project for the summer is now officially put to bed and I put all of the painting tools away.  At around 4:45pm and I went over to Crossroads and Richard put my new door handle on the Corolla.  Hb broke it a few weeks back and it was $60 to replace it and buy a new one.  So that is done !  In the evening we had a nice walk and ran into the folks walking up and down Crystal Lake and we hung out with Michael for awhile and he showed us Joan's house that he is taking down by hand and recycling lots of the materials.  We then walked with him back to his house and then ran into Tamara who told us David's mom is living next door to them which is kind of nice.  The rental next door to them opened up and she is living there now.
Thursday 21
Did some watering today very late morning the side yard and in the evening I harvested more garlic and watered the front.  By 9pm it was cold, chilly and windy but I made it inside without getting too cold and the front yard got a good deep watering.  Spoke to Dad in the evening.  Iris had her big multiple hour surgery today starting at around 7am.  Larry called Dad this afternoon and this evening to let him know that everything went OK so that is great news that Dad heard back and got the good news.
Friday 22
Hb went to her exercise class with Dev.  I worked.  Hb came home and we had dinner and then I went over to Russell's and watered and pulled all of the weeds out of all of the blueberry plants.  I had been wanting to do this now for quite a while.  Then I came home and got a really good start on the Fava bean patch in the back yard.  This is the best harvest ever in the right spot.  I also pulled the remaining garlic in the fig tree bed.  It was a gorgeous evening and slightly chilly.
Saturday 23
Great farmer's market.  By the time I got home, cooked and ate it was past 6pm.  I love Saturday's and the summer rhythm of it.  We got 7 for 7 from Rachel today.  7 cucumbers for 7 dollars.  Last week I got 6 for 6.  It used to be 3 for 2 from Jana back in the good old days.  Prices have doubled since then, especially cucumber prices.  Bina gave Hb and I cake today.  It was not ready at her party last week.  I learned that her friend Ron, who we met last week was the founder of the Corvallis Farmer's market along with Rebecca and Larry.  Ron's wife Carol died recently and was best friends with Jan and Boyd.  We had a long talk with Kurt and Jana at the WL Wetlands and met Judy who lives next to the haunted house on Thompson.
Sunday 24
Pedro, Mike, Kathy, and Patrick came over.  We all hung out starting at 10:30am.  Kathy just got back from visiting her Mom in Minnesota and Patrick just got back from a month away in Halfway.  So we had a good gathering.  In the afternoon Hb and I went to TJ's for our weekly food gig.  After dinner we walked into the park down through the Tuesday market path.  It was our first time going that way this summer.  About a month back we tried from the other direction and we were flooded out, and could not pass through due to water.  Now its dry as a whistle.  On the way home we ran into Otmar and walked along with him on Crystal Lake.  I picked up a nice dictionary at Joe's book stand, as I am now in the market for spanish dictionaries as I will now be reading them hopefully on a daily basis.
Monday 25
I watered in the morning and Hb went to class with Dev at 3pm.  In the evening we went for a walk around the block.  I ate some blueberries at Kathy Miller's house and we ran into and old southtownite who is now living in Samaritan Village on 35th and Harrison.  I also got some berries at Otmar's old berry patch.  Last night he told us he was taking it down because the raspberry life had come to an end.
Tuesday 26
Tuesday market;  We met Anne and Dennis White's daughter Jess (Jessica) and her daughter Edith (Eeedee).  Jess lives next door, just west of Scott and Kathy on Mason.  Eeedee is going to be 3 years old on Sept 22.   I had a nice talk with Russell tambien about how politics is low energy and Kevin gave me back the Jimmy Carter book 10 minutes after I told Ken I had not gotten the book back and I was going to start searching out Kevin.  Earlier in the day just after 8am Lee Miller came over and hung out with us for the morning.  We had oatmeal.  He rode his bike over as he bought a new Toyota truck and was getting a container put on his roof.  I gave him a tour of the garden and showed him the eucalyptus tree and how it had frozen back but was sprouting from the root of the tree.
Wednesday 27
Happy B-day Mom.  She would have been 88 and makes sense cause Dad was just 90.  I watered in the morning and finished up the fava bean processing and got them into boxes.  This evening I finished up harvesting the garlic in the artichoke bed.  Next year try and remember to get at all of the scapes.  Hb went to Yoga with Dev.
Thursday 28
Ken and I hung out in the afternoon.  He is looking for a place to live so we started out on the computer.  We then went for a walk and when we got to the dock we met the county sheriff and had a long talk with them about life, the state of the country with the gun violence et al.  He was a teacher at the academy in Salem and was very sharp.  His name is Bill.
Friday 29
Today was hot so we didn't do much.  I watered real early in the morning the side yard.  In the evening we talked to Mushroom and Linda, then Cecilia, then Will all in front of Russell's garden.  The whole time I was trying to start my watering.  Eventually when I did get to it Russell was watering too.
Saturday 30
Great Farmer's Market.  Got beans from Bina and 6 for 6 on the continued cucumber deal.  For the past 3 weeks Rachel and Elias from Rainshine having been selling cucumbers for 1 buck chuck.  Hb got ice cream after the market and then we went and picked up her burrito.  After dinner we went outside and I continued harvesting garlic in the driveway / fennel bed while Hb cleaned up some stuff in the flowers along the walk.  We then went for a nice walk.  The orange light of the setting sun was gorgeous and the the sliver of moon accented the sky.  I got my first apple of the season from the swiss guy who lives on Bell, the tree I pick up off the ground every year.  Summer is waning along as told by apples on his tree being ready.  Its been a strange, long trip of a summer; but we are having fun and moving along.  Life tends to be strange at times in my moments of bliss and frustration.  By I keep telling myself I am happy and that is a great medicine for us all.
Sunday 31
Kind of a big day.  Started off the day by getting apples on Bell.  Its the first apple tree of the season and the guy was cool about me picking up all of the apples on the ground.  I sent out my nushell iox integration proposal today.  I started working on it in mid May and finished part I today.  I released it on slack and posted on a message on feedback in the nushell channel.  Sharon sent me a message about coming here with Liz.  I had a long talk with Dad about death and dying which was extremely interesting for both of us I think.  I then spoke to Mindy about it tambien.  I also had a nice chat with Patrick.  They are heading back out to Christmas valley and Halfway for most of the month of August.  Hb and I went to Winco and TJ's for some shopping and got gas whose price has dropped back to around $4.70 or so which is lower than what we were paying in Carson City at $4.75.


August 2022


Monday 01
Walked over to Russell's in the evening and watered.  Michael started working today on the back side of the house.  I watered early in the morning prior to Michael's arrival.
Tuesday 02
Day 2 of Michael working on Phase II which is the back of the house.  He finished it this afternoon.  Total cost for the past 2 days was around $210 and I gave him a $60 tip mas o menos.  The total time of his work was 8.5 hours @ $25 per hour.  Hb and I went to the coop this morning and was back home by 10:30am.  The tuesday market was nice.  We did the loop in the park and then swung by coho for plums.  had a nice talk with colleen about poetry and the charles goodrich reading with clem starck.   had a nice talk with anne white and hung out with phoenix, pedro.  met kyle who lives on park with the big tree and did the major garden work project in his house.  he is moving out to eastern idaho.  he had a goatee with a yellow clip in it and looked like a bum but he is actually a MD.  His wife is taking the 4 kids out that way.
Wednesday 03
Spent the morning figuring out some iox stuff having to do with fixing a ctrl-c bug that I tracked down last evening.  It was my first issue for iox and the first time interacting with folks on the iox core team.  Had the nushell core team meeting and then a nice hour long talk with Jim Sigman starting at 2:30pm.  Jim was recently in Israel and Hawaii too.  In Israel he stayed in Akko, Sfat, and Jerusalem and had a great trip.  In the evening Hb and I went to the Knights baseball game for the first time.  We got free tickets from Hendrix Heating and Cooling back at the end of May and our tickets came due this evening.  After the 1st inning Will showed up so we hung out with him until we left in the bottom of the 7th inning.  At the end of the night it was cold and windy.  When we got back to the car it was 64 degrees but basically felt like it was in the 50's and I was literally shivering with my winter hat on, shorts, and my green winter jacket.
Thursday 04
In the morning I watered the Marion garden.  I decided to leave the north grassy area as grass because it is easy to maintain and focus on the garden space along the field border south of the big compost pile on the other side of the guard rail.  Grass is just too easy, and why make more potential weed spots long term when you have nice grass.  Hb and I went to the County Fair after lunch.  Hb and I had some nice Thai food there along with a Hb ice cream.  We checked out the animals and walked in the big field where folks were parking.  That big field is gorgeous and we had never walked there before.  Finally we watched an older woman prepare an act.  She was good and Ken was there.  So we hung out with him for awhile before heading home.
Friday 05
Hb went to class and we had our 20k stars nushell celebration on youtube.  It was kind of cool.  Earlier in the day I did some watering.  The summer weather in OR has been gorgeous the past couple of weeks post the hot weather blip awhile back.
Saturday 06
Farmer's market, still 5 for 5 on the cucumbers from Rainshine plus beans from Bina.  We hung out for awhile and watched the kids in the fountain.  We then walked around downtown, spoke to Austin for awhile and stopped by the hardware store and spoke to Tolen who told me he would put on my wheel.  Went home, got the wheel barrow and was back down there in 10 minutes.  He put it on and I was out the door with a new wheelbarrow tire for $37, cool.  Another nice talk with Dad.  He spoke to Stephie about Death and Dying and got a great hit from her.  That has been the topic of the week this week and he is making progress.  We went for a walk in the park and sat by the river for awhile.  It was a perfect summer evening, the kids were celebrating their post frisbee tournament with pizza and some kegs of beer.  Not much has changed, just the times they keep on a moving.  Que un viaje ! sigamos....
Sunday 07
Day started out at 10:30am.  Mike, Kathy, and Pedro came over.  We took a picture and sent it off to Steff.  Hung out in the afternoon and after my nap we went to TJ's and the Coop.  In the evening we went for a walk around the block and had a nice long chat on the porch of Dave and Judy's house.
Monday 08
The 8/8 party was rock and roll... It was one of the best and Johnathan from the Coop played along with Steve Brown.  They were superb !  Pedro came to the potluck on his bike and we learned that Michael and Cheryl are going to do the camino in spain in early september.  I had a nice talk with Will and we met Chris who is Jess's husband.  Earlier in the day I watered the side yard and at Russell's and Cooper and I were supposed to get together but he never showed.  Michael stopped by early in the day to check in as well.
Tuesday 09
Cooper and I went for a walk around the park.  He is doing well and signed up for an associates degree in CS at LBCC.  We taked about life, backpacking, ultimate frisbee and software stuff.  Tuesday market was nice.  Mainly hung out at Phoenix's and talked to Will.  It was mellow this evening as last night was such a big blowout.  Craig brought us over a gallon of honey for $50, and stayed for awhile and we hung out and talked.  We are all set for honey for at least another year.
Wednesday 10
It rained last night for about 30 minutes so today was nice.  I had my meeting and then Hb went to class and I worked outside.  I started on the circle garden getting rid of all of the radish seeds and digging up, edging the garden.  It is going to be a big job but the ball is rolling.  Hb got home and we headed out to the edible southtown garden tour.  It was a nice evening and we ended at Jay and Linda's house and they have an easement to the back field which is very cool.  It was a gorgeous night and the temps were muy bien.
Thursday 11
In the morning we went to Bimart to buy a quart of oil for the mowers.  I had a quart of oil and we changed the oil in both mowers today.  I finished up the gas in the old mower and added gas to the new mower and did a complete mowing of all of the yards basically mowing down the dandelions.  I ran into Phil who is from Kenya and he works down the street at the home for the disabled.  He is from King of Prussia.  In the afternoon after coming home from Trader Joe's and changing the oil in the first mower and I went back out to buy some gas for the mowers and did a complete cutting.  I also made some apple sauce and did another round of apple picking up off the ground on Belle.  This was a banner year for apples for me as no one else took the apples and so I got most of them.  Patrick was out of town this year and maybe in past years he has picked up some apples.
Friday 12
Scott and Kathy came over for lunch at 2pm and we had a lovely meal.  By the time things were wrapped up it was 5:30pm.  We had turkey, rice, beans, summer squash and apples, guacamole, apple sauce, ice cream, watermelon and Kathleen brought an incredibly yummy ratatouille.  Earlier in the day I watered at around 8am and did some minor yard work.  We did laundry next.  Then I started cooking at around 11:30am.  In the evening we went over to Russell's and did some watering as well as dropped off Scott's hat at his house.
Saturday 13
Hb and I met Eric and his mom Jerry at the Farmer's market on Saturday and we struck up a conversation about programming and carbon emissions.  His mom is Polish and they grew up in Wren.  Both very nice folks.  We met them in front of the water fountain where we sit every week with the young ones splashing around.  In the evening we hung out with Jan and Boyd and talked about James Joyce and life in the slow lane on Denman, Currier and Powell.  Afterwards I picked some ripe red little plums in Jens side yard adjacent to the wetlands.  I also did some work on the north gate next to Marion and cut down a falling big branch along with cleanup of the gate from big weeds and prickly ball thorns that stick to your socks and gloves.  We had the remaining ratatouille and other leftovers from yesterday's gourmet lunch.  The weather this week has been perfect.
Sunday 14
Open Streets Corvallis; we met John at our first stop on Lincoln and 30th and he showed us the giant madrone tree that was planted around 1950 and it has an Oregon Heritage Tree marker.  The house is similar to Frank Loyd Wright style but by a famous local woman architect.  We had a nice chat with John who had actually lived about 16 years in Abq tambien we learned later in the conversation and was from Michigan.  We then went to our post, sat down and 10 minutes later Will came by on his bike.  We talked to him for at least an hour or more and then the three of us had our picture taken.  What a fine day so far.  We started heading back down Lincoln and ran into John from southtown who has twin kids and an older teenage daughter.  He started telling us some stories about her and what its like to be a Dad of teenage girl.  Quite the story to say the least.  We then headed over to the coop for lunch.  We had some soup, salad, bread, a banana and Hb had a piece of chocolate.  Yummy.  We then headed back to the Senior Center where the day began and we got two big cookies or should I saw chocolate chip scones.  They may have actually been gluten free because I had two of them and did not feel the pain, good news.  Hb and I headed over to the Natural Grocer and we picked up some K2, bananas and carrots.  We then came home, and I had another cookie we brought home from the event and then started working outside.  I worked on the other gate of Jen's and trimmed back some fallen limbs on south west gate.  Yesterday I worked on the noth west gate.  So both gates have been pruned back from branches which had fallen in the winter and spring time frame.  It took me till mid August to get around to dealing with it.  That is how much yard work I have to do around here and I love every minute of it.  After the prune back I got in there and did more blackberry maintenance.  I also worked on the big compost pile and continued to cut back all of the radish green, sticks, seeds, stems and other debris in the pile of dirt.  Went for a walk around the block and did my mantra "de la ciudad moruna".
Monday 15
In the evening we walked over to WL.  I got up early and did some watering.
Tuesday 16
Decided to go to Coquille today and made the reservation for next week.  Left for the dentist around 12:40 and sat in the car at the dentists office reading my latest spanish book La Mujer de Rojo.  Jenny was cool as always and I was in and out of their pretty quickly and only had to have my teeth cleaned.  Came home, made some early dinner and then went over to the Farmer's market where I learned from Prem that we got busted for serving food and that Francesca is no longer able to sell her tamales.  Oh my, what a bummer story for me (personally).
Wednesday 17
Pedro's 60th bday, and Naj is 69.  Nice walk around the park and back up thru Tuesday market.  We ran into Michael and Cheryl coming back from a walk with their packs on as they practice for their trip along the Camino de Santiago in Spain.  They leave on Sep 4 for 5 weeks back around October 10.  Should be a great journey.
Thursday 18
Massive room cleaning day, we are talking head to toe.  Yesterday I got the ball rolling a bit and today its all I did after watering outside this morning both the side yard, front yard, and up at Russell's.   Mark from the Tuesday market gave us some compost tea and I dumped in the watering can and took some up to Russell's.  On the way home I had a nice chat with Steve Lawson.  I helped advise Bob on his printer.  He had it connected over wifi and I told him to get a cable.  He was going to have some folks come over and charge him $100 and I saved him the cash and he went out and bought a cable instead and in return he gave us a nice bag of homemade chocolate chip cookies.  In the afternoon I sat out in the garage at the table and threw out tons of junk paperwork in prep for tomorrow's trash.  I also vacuumed my entire room.  Can you imagine if you had a big house filled with junk.  Luckily our house is small so the amount of stuff is fairly contained.  Dad is still on a bandwagon to catch a cab and I have been in discussions with him the past few weeks about the topic.  He says Larry is on board and up to speed; not sure yet about Iris but we will let the situation develop. 
Friday 19
Dad is clear as a whistle and bell on his decision to move forward with having the cab pick him up and take him for a ride around the block.  My hat is off to him.  He is a hero, a warrior, and a role model for us all.  He has aged well, and now it is time to harvest his wine.  I could write this somewhere else; but its important to note here what I have been dealing with in my life.  Pedro's birthday was 2 days ago and he turned 60 and his response to my email was what a long strange trip its been.  And that sums up everything I observe and deal with in my life as of late.  I also learned yesterday that Patrick and Mindy are headed back out of town to Halfway.  They have made up their minds and they need to move pretty quickly as the kids start school next week or very soon.  Life is moving along at a very steady quick pace on numerous fronts and Dad's stuff is just more of the gravy of the challenges I have to face.  In the morning we went to do a bank circuit prior to us going away on Monday.  I love this late summer time of year and having planned to go to the beach on Monday made this week ever more extra special.  We stopped by the coop on the way home and Hb got some soup and a rice burrito.  In the evening I went to get the final round of apples on Bell.  There were none left on the tree, and so I believe this might be the latest time of year that those apples complete.  I came home and cycled through the entire batch of apples I have picked from that tree.  This year is by far the biggest year of apples from that tree.  It will be interesting to see how long they last compared to the next batches of apples from the later trees.  At dark I went for a walk around the block; it was a nice cool evening without any heat in the air like the previous number of nights.
Saturday 20
Great talk with Patrick late morning.  They just got back from being out in Halfway for almost a month and they have decided to pull the trigger and move back there for awhile and rent out the house here.  The kids start school in about a week so they will not have time to dally around.  I love Patrick.  He and I have very unique conversations that get right to the point and stay there the whole time.  We have a good time but at the same time heal our own times and dramas and give and take as the clock ticks on.  Its a person on Planet Earth who I chyme with, tick with and see the other person as they see me and we resolve all of the worlds problems all of the time (usually).  I will them and Izzy is now officially called Isiah.  Hb and I had a bit of lunch and then she went to the coop for syrup and ice cream.  I spent most of the day packing for our trip and enjoying the sunshine and perfect late summer oregon temps.  It was truly a glorious day.  Around 2 - 3pm we headed over to our bench at the park on the golf course and then walked over to the field and hung with Joe for quite awhile.  He had both his dogs there and we stayed until he was ready to go home.  We saw Michael who is getting ready to do his walk on the Camino so this evening he will do another practice walk.  The cool nights and warm days here in OR make me love life in the moment now.
Sunday 21
I was watering outside in the morning when Pedro swung by on his bike.  We had a long talk until almost 1pm.  We talked about Dad and various and other sundry issues.  I then started cooking for the trip after going over to Russell's to water.  I cooked all afternoon till about 5pm when we had dinner and Hb watered the front yard and we went for a lovely walk over to WL.  It was a superbly beautiful evening and we were happy.


Coast trip 2022 Late August


Monday 22
Up at 6:30am and we left at 9:30am with a flawless departure.  The weather was super fantastic all day.  We stopped in Veneta for coffee and gas and then drove to Florence and hit the Grocery Outlet for most of our food for the trip.  We like that store.  We got some raisins, and cole slaw for lunch along with a bunch of cheese, avocados, mandarins etc…  Afterwards we went to the beach and ran into 4 women who had just biked across the country.  They started in Virginia and it took them 3 ½ months to make it.  We saw them pull into the parking lot and the girl driving the van started playing the music.  They pushed their bikes up the sand dune hill and down the other side and when we got to the top of the hill they were taking pictures of the ocean.  They had made it all the way across the country.  It was cool to be around their energy and the victory of riding that journey.  What a life.  Our walk on the beach was glorious.  We had not been here since last summer.  We started at mile marker 105 which is basically the first parking lot and headed towards the jetty which is away from the dune buggies.  We love being on the ocean.  We love the Oregon coast.  From there we drove to Coos Bay and drove around the downtown area heading out some side road which was right next to town and saw a lady who told us it was private property and part of the watershed.  She had been to New Zealand four times and loves the south island.  From there we drove down to Coquille as it was getting late in the afternoon and we were getting tired.  We unpacked, had some fajitas, burgers, and fries and Miguel’s restaurant called Colleen’s.  Miguel is very cool and remembered us from last year.  After dinner we walked into town.  Coquille is quiet and mellow and we like it here and the Myrtle Land Inn is a peaceful place to stay.
Tuesday 23
Today was Pat’s birthday she turned 75 today.  In the evening after dinner around 6pm we drove down Fishtrap road to the small village of Arago.  We parked at the church and walked around.  It was like being dropped in a foreign rural country and being in the middle of nowhere.  I took a bunch of pictures to document what we saw which was perfect light at the end of the day and the fog rolling in from the ocean.  Lots of cattle ranching in this area and Arago was based on that industry.  We got home just around dark and a very good day was had by all.  Earlier in the day we took our time getting started and around 11:30am we drove over to Bandon.  We parked at the Devil's Kitchen and walked out to the ocean.  There were 2 women painting the scene sitting on the picnic benches.  It was windy and chilly and by the time we turned around 1 mile down at China it was a fierce wind and we had to walk back in it as it was blowing in our face at probably 40 miles per hour.  It was brutal and Hb had me cover my face as the blowing sand was clogging up our lung system.  We coughed for awhile upon our return.  Do not get yourself in this mess in the future, it was not fun and also cold.  When we got back to where we started the part was protected and we sat in the sun for a while and warmed up.  We drove over to McKay’s the grocery store and bought a bunch of nice foods including 2 types of potato salad, two kale salads, 2 pieces of chicken and some other goodies and then we drove back home to Coquille and had our lunch in our room around 4pm.  It was a very delicious meal and Hb and I were full at the end of the feast.  We love to eat :)
Wednesday 24
Another fun day in Paradise.  We left our place around the same time we did yesterday, which was 11:30am.  We had a nice leisurely morning and Hb is now in the mode of making her decaf coffee here which works along with blueberry muffins which they served this morning.  We drove the back road to Charleston and kind of messed up because you have to go over on Whiskey Run Lane and then up to Seven Devils State Recreation Site.  But instead we went to Cape Arago and Drake Point for the first time.  It was nice there but we don’t have to go back there again.  Afterwards we headed over to Bastendorff Beach, our old stand by and favorite beach in the Coos Bay area.  It didn’t let us down this time either.  The weather was very fine and there was not a lick of wind.  The temperature was perfect and we sat down at the end of the beach at the jetty wall and Hb did her journey for the first time in a long time.  I connected with her via the journey and we hung out in bliss for a long time just sitting there taking in the sound of the lighthouse which has a unique tempo and being in the glory of life.  We were there and we were treated well.  Life is beautiful, peaceful and we very much love the Oregon seashore.  We took Libby road back into town which is a massive shortcut and stopped by the coop for our food and then headed home.  The meal was fantastic as always and Hb and I were very satisfied dinner eaters.  Too bad our coop can’t even stand a chance at this amazing lineup for food etc…  After dinner we went on a walk up East 10th towards the hill and then circled back around.  A beautiful day was had by all.
Thursday 25
Again we left the house around 11:30am and headed back over to Whiskey Run Road.  Yesterday we misfired and thought that the road was paved all the way through north of Whiskey Run but discovered it was dirt.  So today we got to Seven Devils State Recreation Site and walked north from 142 to Agate Beach at 141.  There we found the end of the road or beach and some high cliffs and rocks.  We stared and looked up in marvel.  The weather was temperate and cloudy but the wind was minimal compared to Tuesday when it was a hurricane force wind.  We took our time at the big rock cliffs and I hiked up the little sand trail to check out what was there, I did not find anything so we headed on back down the beach.  Hb had a snack at the car, we saw the park ranger drive by and he checked the trash cans and that was his nice job.  We drove back home to Coquille and stopped by both grocery stores in town and settled on a Safeway chicken and some potato salad with some nice lettuce.  We came home and finished off yesterday’s food from the coop and we were happy campers.  After dinner we walked to the end of Collier St where it bangs into Fairview Road and turned around and walked home.  A big day was had by all and the day ended on a nice sunny note.  It was a great trip :)...  We accomplished four days at the beach which was the goal and everyone was happy.  We had perfect weather and the food for the most part was yummy and Hb and I are healthy and happy.
Friday 26
The final day of our trip was super fantastic just like all the other days only today the weather on the beach was muy bien.  We got up at 7am and we left our place around 9am, hit the Fred Meyer gas station, the Coos Bay coop and the Best Western just down the road for ice all before heading on over to "our beach" just off Lighthouse Rd just before Winchester Bay on 101.  We were there last year and we went back this year for an even better trip.  It was partly sunny and while walking there was not a lick of wind.  That is the way we like the coast.  Plus it was not too hot.  We walked past mile post 119 and kept going probably for another half mile or so and then we turned around so that gave us a nice healthy 3 mile walk on the beach.  We took some nice pictures, found some nice shells and enjoyed heaven on Earth.  "This is as good as it gets" I told Hb, and walking on the beach in the summer time with no wind and a bit of sun peaking through the clouds with a temp reading just under 66 or so and we are very happy.  We got back to the car and had a big meal of plums, bananas, lots of our remaining rice and I had two pieces of raisin bread and Hb had her muffin and the same as me.  We started driving and made our right turn at Reedsport and headed all the way into Elkton where we stopped off cause Hb saw the ice cream sign.  We went inside and saw that the big tubs of Umpqua ice cream was $5.50 and so we bought the big ol mama tub of carmel ice cream, sat down at the table and ate most of it.  Yummy in our tummies :)  I had a spare container in the cooler so we dumped out the ice that was in there and filled the remaining amount of ice cream in there for our trip home.  I didn't feel that shitty after eating all of that delicious cream and so that probably says alot about the sugar content of that ice cream was pretty much in line with my head space.  We made it all the way to Veneta and I was starting to lose it so Hb took over and drove us into town.  She pulled up the rear and made the trip easy to get home.  We unpacked and Hb watered the front yard and I went over to Russell's and I watered there and then came home and topped off the watering in the front and top side yard.  I sit here at 9:30pm and it is pitch dark.  The summer and the light are waning fast as not too long ago we still had light at this hour but it is almost dark now by 8:30pm.  I should not I had a nice talk with Dad this evening and he had a nice lunch today with Robert Levin so that was cool tambien :)   Dad is hanging in there (barely).  But his spirits on our call today was muy bien.  I hope he continues to keep up the good hopes...  A successful trip was had by all...
Saturday 27
Back at the Farmer's market.  Had a nice chat with Nicole who is from Castro Valley near Oakland, Ca.  Still got my 5 cucumbers for 5 bucks with Rainshine.  Probably the last week of cucumbers or this killer deal.  Talked with Bina and got some beans from her.  In the afternoon we did some yard work and watered the side yard.  In the evening I picked up some pears in Moses's front  yard.  We had a nice chat with Jack McDaniel at the Farmer's market.
Sunday 28
Today was a perfect weather day.  A hint of autumn in the air and I love this time of year.  In the afternoon we went for a nice walk at one of our favorite spots Garfield City Park.  Afterwards we hit Winco and Trader Joe's for our food allotment as we were out of town.  Life is good and we are happy.
Monday 29
A mellow day in Hollywood.  In the evening we went for a walk and saw Will and we went over to his house for a bit and hung out in the backyard.  Todo bien !  I cooked up some nice salmon that we bought from TJ's yesterday.
Tuesday 30
Walked around downtown in the late morning and had a bowl of chile and fries at squirrel's bar.  We had a nice talk with Ron / Strix about our favorite topic.  The Tuesday market today was a good one and we got there early around 5pm and stayed past the end.  We sat at Mahogany's table, Sole was in Buffalo with her 95 year old grandma.  It was a grand ole evening as per usual.  On our way home we stopped by AC/DC's house as they had a water blowout on their hose that we caught on the way to the Tuesday market.
Wednesday 31
Patrick came over to Jan and Boyd's in the evening and we sat outside and talked which was very nice.  They are back in Halfway now as the kids started school a few days back and Mindy is working as a school nurse a few days a week.  Patrick came back to ready the house for rental, doing painting etc.  He drove back through Christmas Valley and was elated to be on his lovely, remote, rural land.


September 2022


Thursday 01
Long talk with Patrick in the garage in the afternoon.  He is getting ready to head out probably on Saturday.  We had some good quality time together over the past week or so ever since we found out he was heading out to Halfway with the family probably permanently this time.  I am sad to see him go but happy for him and his family on their new adventure.  Earlier in the day Hb and I went to TJ's to get some potluck items for Jen's wedding this Sunday.
Friday 02
Worked outside all day.  Got the west circle garden bed with the artichokes cleaned up including cutting down all of the artichokes.  Also dug a new compost hole in the side yard for more pears and apples coming online.  I have been going over to Moses's on a regular basis and picking up pears from his yard.  At just before 7pm we walked over to Michael and Cheryl's to wish them off on their "buen camino".  We watched the way because they are heading off Sunday morning for their journey to santiago de compestela.  It was a gorgeous evening yet chilly and windy but that set the mood for the adventure.  As the light in the west faded and the stars turned on I was in the moment of being on the way with them.  It was a heart warming experience for Hb and I and showed me that I did the way with them and all of my ancestors many times en el pasado.
Saturday 03
Gorgeous day.  Weekend 2 of hanging out with Jack McDaniel at the Farmer's Market.  He just kind of rolls into town and we hang out with him.  He is a good guy.  We met him the 2nd day he arrived way back in the late spring early summer down in Renee's dome and we hit it off.  He is a good guy.  We have been having nice talks with Bina each week and I buy beans from her.  Stopped by the burrito shop and then headed home.  Hb went over to Dev's and out for pizza and I did some yard work.  The weather is the best it can be.  Liz came over in the evening to hang out.  I got to spend some quality time with Amir Sapir who is traveling with Liz.  They did a nice trip together in the PNW.  Liz's friend Bill came over also who is a friend of Liz's from back home in Illinois.  He is the son of Liz's friends.  We had a nice evening and spent time hanging out in the side yard on Marion and then did a walk around the block.
Sunday 04
I came home from Jen's wedding in Lebanon and Rand emailed me that Tessie passed this evening at 7pm.  She went onto hospice 10 days ago.  May here memory be a blessing.  The wedding today for Jen and Austin in Lebanon was lovely.  We had a great time and I had over did it a bit on the food.  Hopefully I learn my lesson soon.  The weather was perfect.  At 8pm it was still 70 degrees out there.  What a life !
Monday 05
I borrowed Jay's ladder and got up on the roof and did major work on getting rid of the moss.  Thanks to Ken's prodding to get me going on the project.  It was a gorgeous day.
Tuesday 06
I talked to Rand and Sima first thing in the morning even before Hb awoke.  She passed on Sunday when I got home from Jen's wedding.  Day 2 of cleaning moss off the roof.  The job is done and today I did the middle section and then did the gutters on the high part and the hazel nut side of where I was cleaning the roof.  Tuesday market went well.  Pedro was there today and we hung out with Will tambien.  Afterwards we did a walk into the park and around the block.  We ran into Brad Burnheimer and his partner Alecc who is pregnant.  She works at the Dizzy Hen.
Wednesday 07
Finished back yard west gutters cleanout, watered, and started moving dirt over to the driveway garlic bed (day one).  In the afternoon Hb and I went to the coop and in the evening Dad and I worked on google docs stuff.  We saw Steve Lawson and relayed Rand's response to Tessie's passing.  I spoke to Rand yesterday.
Thursday 08
Day turned out to be very muy bien.  Started the day out with finishing up the front of the house gutters.  Started on the west side and made my way east.  Then finished up the driveway garlic bed with a bunch of rounds of dirt.  Its in pretty good shape.  Next week when it cools off I should have it finished off.  Hb and and I then ventured off to Office Depot to print out a contract for Scott who is going to do the work on Hb's roof.  It appears this is working out very well.   Then we went for a walk up Cleveland street to the park and did a big loop and ran into a garage sale with a bunch of free stuff.  So we walked back to the car and swung back around and picked up a bunch of stuff including a toaster oven, a toaster, another nice painting for the garage and various and other sundry goodies.  We love garage sales :)  Then we drove over to the coop and had a yummy lunch.  We sat outside in our favorite (new) spot where we sat a few weeks back for open streets corvallis.  Which is basically in the small park in the middle of two streets, but it works and they have a nice picnic table for us to eat at.  Then we swung by TJ's and then over to the PO to mail the contract and the check to Scott.  In the evening we had a nice walk over to WL and ran into Dan who we just met at that moment.  He had spent time living in Las Cruces and he had a puppy so Hb connected with him and we had a grand ole long talk with him.  He was a truck driver based out of Las Cruces which worked really well for him I suppose.  The weather today was stupendous.  We have two more hot days coming up and then cooler temps next week.
Friday 09
Home all day, it was day 1 of very hot.  In the afternoon the smoke rolled in and we were stuck, homebound for the rest of the day.
Saturday 10
Early morning and the smoke levels have dropped some, but not great.  I sacrificed and opened up the windows to cool the house down.  It was a nice day, turned out much better than expected and the smoke levels held off.  The farmer's market was good and our burrito was as usual good.  In the late afternoon we went for a walk down to the park.  It was hazy and minorly smoky so we walked to the river, sat on the bench and came back home.  I had a nice small dinner and then spoke to David Friedman for 3 hours.  He has been at his new job Blackbaud for almost one year now.  We also spoke about vz.  Earlier in the afternoon I had a two hour talk with Brian and Lisa Wehrung.  Zara is going to London for one year to get a master's degree in marketing.  Brian and Lisa are doing well...  Brian turned me on to Dall-e from a company called Open-AI.
Sunday 11
Today I met Adan.  A-done.  He lives with his father on the corner of Ryan and Richland across the street from Puka.  He moved to this hood when he was 3 years old.  He works in grass seed doing coding with it.  Earlier in the day at 10am Pedro and Mike came over to hang out.  Kathy is back home with her grandma's spirit.  She just passed a few days back.
Monday 12
Got both oil changes done today.  Noon at Firestone for the Toyota and 3pm at Crossroads for the subaru.  We had lunch at Bodhi with Bob and Sandy.  We ran into them downtown and they invited us to lunch at Bodhi with them.  It was the first time we sat down and talked to Sandy one on one and she is very cool so it was a good journey with her today.  Around 6pm Hb and I headed downtown for a concert with Grant Ruiz and Berto Boyd at Oddfellows.  We were walking around a bit before the show and we saw Grant Ruiz sitting in the New Morning Bakery by himself eating his dinner.  So we barged in on him, sat down, and had a lovely talk with him for about 30 minutes.  It was a pleasure to be with him by ourselves and chat with him about life.  He is a very sharp man and very talented as well.  So it was the highlight of our evening and day and week.  Afterwards we went up to Oddfellows and listened to them play.  The evening was gorgeous, warm and we loved being out at night walking around downtown and enjoying the end of summer.
Tuesday 13
Finished up the driveway garlic bed.  The wandered over to Lesley's house to see what is up with the apples and saw that the west tree that I missed last year was ready to go.  All of the apples were on the ground.  Fyi.  Apple trees at Lesley's are ready to go in early September so by this date the west tree has fallen most of its apples.  It was a bonanza day for me.  A gold rush of beautiful crisp apples.  In fact we took Lesley over to the bus stop at 15th and Jefferson.  Now I know where the bus stop is located for the Flix bus.  The trip cost is around $15 mas o menos.  Afterwards we came home, had some dinner and went to the Tuesday market.  We mainly hung out with Phoenix and Pedro and then headed over to the Tuesday market at the end of the evening per usual.  It was a cool, chilly, mainly cloudy day but we were happy and having fun today.
Wednesday 14
Big talk with Nick in the afternoon.  I sent him a check for 1k.  He finally got his drivers license and got a new job today working at Walmart.  Earlier in the day they fixed the side road in front of our house and in the end did a very nice job.  I did some watering just prior to my 1pm meeting.  Earlier I went over to Jan and Boyd's to get some yellow squash and help them with text messaging.  Hb and I went shopping around 6pm.  Mailed off Nick's check and stopped by Hbank and TJ's on the way home.  Also we learned that Walmart has Hb toothpaste which is good news tambien.
Thursday 15
Big apple day at Lesley's house.  I finished up picking up all of the apples at her house on the west tree.  The east tree which I picked last year has some apples too that are ready to go.  I had a nice talk with the young spanish speaking guy who lives there along with his little girl.  Earlier we went over to Pedro's to hang out with him and take out his trash can.  It was another beautiful autumn day in Corvallis.
Friday 16
Started working on Lesley's east apple tree.  Now this is the time of year for that, but the west apples I was a little bit late for this year.  Next year I will show up maybe a week or two earlier.  Note that here so you know for next year.  Also watered at Russell's.  At around 6pm we headed out for our walk and ran into Michael just as we came into the park.  We had a nice long talk with him.  He is excited about his jewelery and recently purchased a gold ring with small diamonds in them.  Then we went down to the river sat for a bit, and headed along and back up through Renee's and took a long peek at Michael and Cheryl's garden.  Oh my gosh.  It has so many tomatoes etc.   It is really incredible what they have done this year.  On Ryan we ran into Phil from Kenya and he told us about his job and how he is getting paid 3k per month which is not enough.  He is a good guy and we are getting to know him better.  We got back at 8pm which is now almost dark.  Jerry was bringing in his garbage can and so I helped him with one of his bins.
Saturday 17
A nice autumn day.  Hung out with Bina at the Farmer's market.  Stopped by for a burrito and came home and went outside and worked all afternoon.  Hb did a massive rake in the back yard and I moved dirt into the west garlic bed and then picked up all of her piles in the back yard.  Combing through pine cones and putting them in the pine cone pile and moving some stuff to the Marion bench.  Had a nice talk with Eli in the evening.  He is moving to Seattle in the next number of months and starting work at Boeing.
Sunday 18
We were out in Lebanon area.  Started out at the Sandridge cemetery and then went into town for lunch at Dos Arbolitos then circled back for a walk in the valley on this corner of McLagan and Bell Plain.
Monday 19
Mellow day.  Walk around the block in the evening.  Ran into our friend Phil from Kenya and he showed us some pics of his children.  Phil is 40 years old.
Tuesday 20
Late in the morning we did some watering and then Hb quickly whipped out cutting the garlic stocks off the cloves.  She is a super fast, focused little worker and did the job in about 1/10 of the time it would have taken me.  So the garlic is now in a big box and I have to sort through it and find the ones we will plant in a few weeks.  With the current forecast and no rain, the garlic is not going to be planted for awhile.  The Tuesday market was a good one with Johngi showing up along with the rest of the gang including Will, Pedro, Reenie and Prem was there briefly with his stitches from a fall a few weeks back.  He got some metal in his arm.  He is a good guy, I like Prem.  Steve cleared me to U-pick Kale after Cheryl gave me the go ahead via email in Spain.
Wednesday 21
Hb and I went to VC, Winco, TJ's and the coop in our weekly circuit.  The evening walk was lovely and on the way home we walked with Doug and Jaime.  We got home at 7:50pm and it was basically dark outside.
Thursday 22
Tonight we stood outside at Kevin's  house on Thompson and spoke to him and his daughter Lucia who is in 7th grade at the Waldorf School.  Kevin borrowed my book about Jimmy Carter awhile back and that is how we kicked off our initial sojourn.  Earlier I finished moving dirt into the west garlic bed and actually extended it slightly to the west of the madrone bush.  It looks nice and now both garlic beds are complete and ready to go for planting.
Friday 23
Late in the day around 5pm we headed over to the park and had a lovely chance encounter with Guong from Vietnam who was born in 1956 and left the day before the US left at the humble age of 18 in 1975.  His grandaughter's name is Olivia and her birthday is February 20, 2013.  She is nine years old just like Munchies.  We spoke to them for about 45 minutes.  They live with an orchard just behind Home Grown Nurseries across from Airport Rd within a trailer park ?  Not exactly clear on this point.  Afterwards we went to Renee's potluck, and fire circle.  It was a gorgeous evening and Jack, Michael, Johng, Will, and Shooting Star from Eastern Oregon was there.  He lives down in Sunriver and is friends with Renee and Gloria.  Naj, Tim and Phoenix showed up at the end of the evening.  The weather was perfect and we stayed till the end almost.  Darah Rose was there tambien.  She has a beautiful voice.
Saturday 24
Super awesome day from top to bottom.  Farmer's market got sidetracked to Fall Festival on the perimeter.  We saw Lottie right off the bat.  Stopped by our burrito place.  Ken arrived at 2:30pm and we took off at 4pm.  Ken was 90 minutes early.  I did apple sorting in the afternoon.  Jack arrived just before 4pm and we were gone within 5 minutes.  Got to Earth Rising before 5pm.  The weather was as good as it gets for this time of year.  When we got home at 11am it was still in the high 50's.  Party was lovely and mellow.  Will was there and we did the "farm tour" with Lee at his house.  A perfect evening was had by all.  Our summer is winding down with the party this evening and the party at Renee's last night for the fall equinox.  Its a very good life.  Muchas gracias.
Sunday 25
We got to the Fall Festival around noon and stayed there most of the afternoon.  We walked up to OSU and hung out on the big lawn for awhile.  It was in the mid 80's and a glorious autumn day.  Towards the end of the trip we ran into Dennis White and we gave him a ride home.  We got home and saw Anne and went into their house for awhile.  They live on the Crystal Lake Circle.  Along the way we saw Jess and Eddie tambien.  A nice day was had by all.
Monday 26
Walk over to WL.  We were shorts, sandals, and T shirts.  This will be one of our last evening walks dressed like this.  It was a very nice, warm day.  Yahoo !.
Tuesday 27
Went over to Russell's to water and harvest the remaining cucumbers and some of the remaining winter squash.  This will probably be my last or next to last time watering at his place.  On the way I ran into Mark in front of his house and we talked for awhile.  We had not seen him in a long time so it was great to see him.  He told me that Marvin of he and Margaret unfortunately had a stroke.  We left our house at 4:30pm for the Tuesday market and by the time we came home after 7pm the wind was breezy and it was cold.  It was hot when we left.  We hung out with Prem, and met Matthew y Natalie who is Linda Edwards new housemate.  He is from Belfast in northern Ireland.  Craig was there along with Pedro, Will and Jody sent me a shot of the Southtown Rails to Trails poster.
Wednesday 28
Kind of a strange day but it seems to be ending on a good note.  I was scheduled to go to Dr. Clark's office for my implant appt but they called me to say their internet was down so the appt was cancelled.  So I started my nushell meeting and got a call soon afterwards asking if I could come in at 3pm instead of 2pm.  The appt went fine and afterwards I went to the coop for bread and VC for 10 cent bananas.
Thursday 29
Went to Walmart this morning to get some mouth wash and antibiotics for my dental implant.  Probably not going to take the pill, but will have it if I need it in case of emergency.  Kathy Miller stopped by in the afternoon wondering if Michele could cut her hair.  It turned from rain to clearer as the day went on.  Just before the supper hour John Zeuli called me and we talked for along while.  Its been awhile since we spoke and needless to say we both have a lot going on in our lives.  Him with Autumn and Penney and I told him about Tessie passing and my antibiotics saga in the past two days.
Friday 30
Went over to Pedro's around 1pm as he showed me how to put the wheelchair in the car.  Later in the day I went for a short walk and hung out at Jan and Boyd's garage for a bit around 6pm.  Everyone is doing well.


October 2022


Saturday 01
The day ended up on an interesting note.  We had a long talk with Michael who had just gotten back from Rickreal and told us about his journey today at the grange and whats been going on the past couple of weeks.  Then just before going home we spoke to Jason who is painting his 1973 VW bus a nice powder blue.  He has owned it since 1993 when he was stationed in Alameda and used to drive it over to Halfmoon Bay.  Earlier in the day I went to the Farmer's market by myself as Hb was getting over the past couple of days.  I had a very long talk with Paul the corn guy who I had not seen or spoken to all year.  We talked about Jimi Hendrix and life.  Spoke to Bina, Nicole at Gathering Together and the Rain shine folks, but most interestingly Suzanne and Joe who I ran into at the Rainshine booth.  I had not seen Suzanne and Joe since we were out at their party I guess in the early spring.  Can't remember when it was. 
Sunday 02
Pedro, Mike and Kathy came over at the usual 10:30am time.  Hb went over to Dev's after they left and I was walking by the rental house on Ryan behind Dev's house and noticed a ton of apples laying on the ground.  I scarfed up five or six big bags of apples.  That was my score for the day.  It was a warm one, but I got a lot done especially on the apple front.
Monday 03
Up early and left the house to go to Bina's around 9:30am.  I stayed there till about 1pm and got a purple cabbage for my "reward".  I helped Bina strip out all her beans prior to the tractor coming tomorrow.  We got alot done and the beans are pretty much done and ready to be plowed under in the ground.  Had sausages for dinner and went for a walk over to the row of trees at the water company.
Tuesday 04
Peter called around 11:15am and I went over to the dentist to pick him up.  In the early afternoon I went over to Russell's to harvest more squash.  Hung out at the Tuesday market with Prem, Emily, and Cedar who is taking off on his winter adventure / journey.  It was nice spending time with him this summer.  Talked to Steve at the Tuesday market and Michael and Cheryl's trip.  We got water melon at the end of the market.  It is now cold by 7pm.
Wednesday 05
Day 1 of planting garlic.  I just did the east side of the driveway garlic bed.  The west side will wait until next week because of the unusually warm temps and no rain in the next 2 week forecast.  There is currently no rain predicted up at least until October 19 which is the furthest out the forecast goes.  So do not use this year as a barometer as to when to plant garlic if you are reading this next year.
Thursday 06
David picked me up at 12:30 and we went down to Findley for a nice hike in the woods.  Along the way we saw Mahogany and Sole with two of their friends who live in Philomath.  The afternoon become sunny and lovely and our walk could not have been more spiritual and perfect.  Hb vacuumed and washed the car late in the day.
Friday 07
Around 4pm we headed over to OSU for a gathering at LaSells.  Tina welcomed us with open arms and the evening was lovely.  We parked on 7th and walked over and around campus.  We stopped by the Mem for a pit stop and moseyed along.  A good life for the day.  Autumn is wondrous, the spiritual journey continues.
Saturday 08
Michael and Cheryl Good finished their camino journey in Finestera and are taking the train down to Madrid.  We got to the Farmer's market a bit late but all was todo bien.  Estoy presente en mi vida y respiro.  Voy a ser fuerte.  Simone invited us to her party this evening.  It was lovely and a house warming and Oktoberfest party all in one.  The food was wonderful :)  The people were lovely and the dancing was rock and roll.  She did a beautiful job with her home.
Sunday 09
Today we met Jeremy and Maggie who live in Patrick and Mindy's house.  We met them on our afternoon walk in the little Bell Street park that Patrick used to maintain.  Rather appropriate that we met them there.  We went down to our bench in the disc golf park.  The day was glorious and warm around 80 degrees.  Earlier we went to TJ's for some staple items and VC for ripe bananas.
Monday 10
Big day outside.  We cleaned off the entire cement slab and that took all day.  It looks great.  We went for a walk around the block at dusk.  I had a two hour conversation with Ken from 7:30pm to 9:30.  All is todo bien !
Tuesday 11
Tuesday market we hung out with Prem and Will.  Saw Craig at the end of the evening.  We also saw Cecilia's husband Pablo on the way home.  I did some cooking today in prep for more of a down day tomorrow.  Made the turkey and did a bunch of apples.
Wednesday 12
I got up around 6am and was back home before 9:30am.  My implant surgery probably took about 10 minutes or less.  Hb drove us home.  Around noon Phoenix came over and he left just before 1pm when I had my meeting.  We are definitely in our awkward teenage years.  Afterwards Hb and I went for a walk to our bench in the park.
Thursday 13
Big walk in the afternoon, the big WL loop and back up through the park.   The big one walk.  Along the way we met Randy and Will who is a little boy who lives across the street from Kathy Miller.
Friday 14
Really nice Homecoming Engineering lunch at OSU.  We sat with the Senior Associate Dean of the Engineering School Wade Marcum who is about 15 years younger than me.  It was a great conversation and lovely lunch on a perfect autumn day.  Afterwards we went to Walmart and TJ's to top off some food items.  It was around 80 degrees today and the lunch was super fantastic.  We had pork, gravy, and mashed potatoes.
Saturday 15
Farmer's market was lovely, weather was a perfect autumn day.  We hung out there for awhile and said goodbye to Bina.  She is heading out to Germany on Tuesday and will be back on January 10.  I love Saturday afternoon after the Farmer's market.  Hb and I stopped for a burrito on the way home.  In the evening I listened to the Beaver's game.  They are playing Washington State from Pullman, Wa.
Sunday 16
KMP (Kathy, Mike, Pedro) 10:30am gathering.  Everyone was in good spirits and having fun.  I got up super early to cook for tonights potluck for Johngi's birthday.  It was a well attended event with lots of people.  I wasn't on my best foot, but made it through the evening without too much damage.
Monday 17
Big day !  Started out with Steve letting me know there was a dead deer in our side yard behind Jen's gate.  Also spoke to Liz about the market and what she should do.  Eventually the city came and picked up the deer luckily.  I covered where the deer layed with dirt and compost and leaves.  I also completed planting the garlic in the driveway bed.  Now I have to work on the west garlic bed.  Also harvested all of the squash at both Russell's and the Marion garden and gave away some little pumpkins and squash to Anna and Simone and her two kids.
Tuesday 18
Another gorgeous autumn day.  Jim from Tack Box will be here in the morning and so step 1 today was to clean up the dirt mound of all sun chokes and fennel stalks.  This may be the first year I have done such a good job of the clean up.  Then a moved a bunch of dirt over to the fava bean beds just south of the cement slab in the back yard along with the adjacent back yard corner bed with the celery seed and herbs.  Hb and I headed down town for Gene and Susan Procks funeral.  Gene died of cancer.  He hung in there for quite a while.  We met his whole family including Kevin who now lives in Prineville and works for Prescryptive Health.  Kevin and his wife were very nice and they are Aaron's parents.  We also met Aaron's grandmother who sat at our table.  It was a very nice family affair, the food turned out to be yummy after the beef stew and curry showed up which I topped off my rice with.  I also had two cookies et al.  The event started out by Dan sitting down with us and he told us his life story in 5 minutes.  Dan is from Dayton, Oh and went to Miami University of Ohio.  Bonnie is also from Dayton, Oh.  We came home after stopping by the coop and headed on over to the coop.  Along the way we saw Pedro coming back home down Ryan and spoke to him a bit.  Prem cancelled his journey down to Zihuatanejo.  Some banditos rolled into town and raised some havoc plus his doctor said he needs to stay home for Physical Therapy after breaking his arm and getting metal plates put in.  Craig and I had a great talk about Cormac McCarthy and the border trilogy.
Wednesday 19
Jim from Tack Box delivered my dirt today for $238 including a $10 fuel surcharge.  The aged horse was $19, the 4 in 1 was $35, and the fertile soil was $39.  So I got 8 yards, 4 horse, 3 fertile, and one 4 in 1.  Jim got to our house before 10:30am.  In the afternoon Hb went to lunch with Dev and I finished planting the garden.  I completely did the west of the fig tree garlic bed with artichokes for accent.  Two more days of nice weather and then winter sets in.
Thursday 20
Hb and Dev went for a short walk in the morning.  I vacuumed my room, cleaned up some apples, and got some more items winterized outside.  At 2:30 we went over to OSU and at 4pm there was a talk by Janet Browne of Harvard entitled Finding Order in Nature in the Paul Lawrence Farber Humanities Speaker Series.
Friday 21
Started out the day outside filling up the yard waste bin with blackberries from the remaining road bb waste.  Then went into Jen's gate and cleaned up the winter blackberry final attempt.  So things are looking good on the blackberry front.  Dev came over and hung out with Hb and I cooked some lunch and then we went for a walk.  In the evening I spoke to Rand and Sharon who is in Richfield, Utah.
Saturday 22
I think we broke a record today by going to two memorial services in one week.  After coming home from the Farmer's market we went down to the shelter in Willamette Park for Casandra's husband James (Jahmez) Reismiller who passed a few weeks back at age 49 of a heart attack after walking up Bald Hill his aortic valve blew up after he sat down and some passers by thought they saw a tent of white light.  Cassandra led the service.  We had a nice chat with Michael and Cheryl for the first time since they got back from their camino trip.  They had Covid initially when they got back so we had not had a chance to speak with them until today when we had a nice long talk.  Also had a great talk with our OddFellow hermano Brad who was there as well.  I told him (2) memorial services in one week was too much.  Brad is a cool guy and we like Brad.  Nick of Space Neighbors was there along with the Peace Seedling folks Mario and Dylanna.  Our neighbor Jen was there and Bruce from Coho.  So it was a nice gathering of the community and the weather was cold as it always is there but the rain held off and it was a nice day for a chilly autumn forecast.
Sunday 23
It turned out to be a beautiful day on all fronts.  It has been several years since the Philomath Studio Tour was up and running and this year it is back !  I guess we missed two years namely 2020 and 2021.  So this is the first year since 2019 when covid was still not an issue as it started on Hb's birthday in 2020 and mother died in 2019.  The day started out sort of cloudy with peaks of sunshine.  We started the day out at Dizzy Hen where Hb had a cheese and ham croissant and a decaf coffee for $7.50.  On the way out we ran into Nicole who was coming into Dizzy Hen.  We told her they were sold out of muffins and we hung out with her for a bit in front of the store.  She was going out to the coast to her favorite spot Otter Rock.  From there we headed out to 24669 Hidden Valley Road which is walking distance we soon discovered over to the Cardwell Hill Trailhead.  We parked at the bottom of the hill and walked back out the valley and made a left turn on Cardwell Hill and walked out to the beginning of the trailhead.  Wow !  It was cool to know this for future reference.  We hit the gallery with Kate McGee as the featured artist.  From there we went over to Lumos Winery and I picked some apples up off the ground.  I might be a bit early as we only got a few.  The day was sunny and fairly warm and we sat on the porch at Lumos and looked out over the valley and the grapes.  Hb and I walked down to the cottage for a visit of the spot we had been before and then headed back towards home.  We stopped off at 24108 Hwy 20 which we can skip next year and then Safeway for some gas at $4.53.  Prices have come back down off over $5.  We had dinner and then went for another big walk around the WL open nature space.  A good day was had by all.
Monday 24
Today turned out to be a good day.  It rained in the morning but in the afternoon it got nice and I did my first batch of leaves for the year. Yahoo !  Picked up leaves at the end of Bell and transported about 4 or 5 loads back.  Hb hung out with Michael in Kathy's house while I was doing the heavy lifting and then at the end we all had a nice chat together inside her house.  Came home and dramatically cut back the blackberry bush that I planted in the side yard next to Simone's house.  Also had a nice chat with Kyle who lives at 1065 SE Marion.  He is 29 years old and is from the Provo Utah area.  He moved to Oregon when he was six and lived in Lake Oswego.  His father is a computer programmer and is exactly my age.  Kyle worked in a sandwich shop after graduating from OSU with a degree in Psychology and recently got a job working for a marketing company remotely.  He seems like a really good guy and I got a bucket of leaves from him that he filled up his yard waste bin with.
Tuesday 25
Went over to Russell's after lunch and pulled out all of the tomatoes and summer squash and hauled it back to the marion side yard.  Got some leaves on Marion and planted a complete batch of fava beans on the garden bed adjacent to the slab.  It was a good planting and it literally rained a few hours later.  We hit the final Tuesday market at Phoenix's and he served up free apple cider.  We brought our own mug.  Cedar was back in town as his truck has some issues so he is going to get it fixed and then head on back down to Az.
Wednesday 26
Hb and I left the house at 1pm and stopped by Winco prior to heading over to my dentist for a 2 week checkup of the implant.  Dr. Jev Clark saw me for maybe 30 seconds and I was gone.  We headed over to TJ's and went home to drop off the groceries and then went over to OSU.  Our talk was cancelled at the native american center so we went and watched a practice baseball game.  On the way home we found a yellow apple tree on 10th between Washington and Adams.  I got home and went out and picked up some leaves in front of Dev's house and then came home and raked up some needles that had fallen off the pine tree onto the grass.  Came home and had some dinner.  While getting the leaves I ran into Malachai who I had not seen in awhile.  He is now 10 years old and his birthday is July 28, 2012.
Thursday 27
Today was a big day.  It started out with a China Kraneshares call at 7pm.  This was the week that on monday baba crashed below $60 due to the 3rd term of China's president.  It was a great talk about what is going on in China.  Then next up was my first ever datafusion call with Andrew Lamb and Andy Grove.  In the afternoon at 1pm David, Lottie, Hb and I went out to Findley.  The afternoon was gorgeous and we did a really nice hike in a new spot.  Afterwards Lottie came in our house for the first time and we hung out for awhile and I gave them a squash and 2 heads of garlic.  David gave me a really nice fleece sweatshirt.
Friday 28
It rained all day but around late afternoon it stopped and we went over to Philomath and parked at the museum and walked around until around 5pm when we hit the art opening for the philomath studio tour.  It was a lovely show and we spoke to Kate McGee who had 5 pieces in the show.  She is quite the talented artist.  We got home around 7pm and it was just getting dark.
Saturday 29
Sunny gorgeous Farmer's market.  We talked to Strix and saw Val Hoyle.  We voted for Mike this year, but if she gets in we will see how she does and probably vote for her next time.  We had a nice talk with in Spanish who works at Rainshine.  We stopped by the coop on the way home.  We love the ritual of Saturday's; coming home, making lunch and just being present in the day !  Around 4:30pm I finally made it outside.  It seems on Saturday afternoons I always have big intentions of going outside but I get caught up in cooking and eating and other stuff and by the time I actually go outside it is late.  Anyway, when I got out there I cleaned up the Marion garden bed.  I harvested the datura seeds and put them in a big bag and then got rid of the vines of all of the winter squash and then cleaned up the garden bed and raked it up getting it ready to plant the garlic seed soon.  I then finalized the hoses for the winter and dumped out a tiny bit of gas in the tank.  Party at Erica's was top notch !  One of the best parties of the year.  Up there was Simone's a few weeks back and Jen's wedding out in Lebanon.  The highlight of the evening was a two hour conversation with Kyle Jones who is best friends with Luke Beene.  What a great life.  Also nice talk with Maggie and Jeremy.  We had a long talk with Maggie.  It was Erica's first party since she bought the house and the bartender Curtis was quite a trip.  A I had a great bourbon drink which made the evening magical.  I only had one drink and didn't eat too many chips.  We got to the party around 7:30pm and didn't get home till midnight.  We walked to the end of Ryan before retiring for the evening.  Happy Halloween...
Sunday 30
Great day on the Philomath Studio Tour.  We started out at Eats and Treats and got some gluten free items for the road.  We then hit the studio just out Hwy 34 a bit.  They have a nice property.  From there we went out to Daisy Drive in Mary's River Estates and went for a nice long walk.  We came back to Philomath hit the winery, a studio on Memory Lane and finally ended up at Dale Donovan's house.  He was there with an artist who just happened to study at NMSU the same time I did.  Dale gave us a nice lemon cake and we chatted for quite awhile as no one was around.  We came home and went for a walk around the block.  The day was lovely, warm in the low 60's.  A successful Philomath Studio Tour for 2022.
Monday 31
The final day of October was a good one !  It was supposed to rain all day but it turns out it actually did not start raining till about 3pm which worked out great for me...  After breakfast I started working outside and got a lot done including picking up some more leaves, working the backyard garden against the fence.  I dug up all of the old stuff and am getting the bed ready for a second bed of fava beans.  Halloween didn't happen and we did not get any trick or treaters as the rain was steady into the evening.


November 2022


Tuesday 01
Winter arrives in Corvallis by evening I went outside and it was freaking cold.  I checked the temp and it was 44 degrees with the night time lows going into the 30's and tomorrows highs not even getting to 50.  Two days ago it was 60 during the day.  Around lunch time Hb and I headed out and walked over to the park at WL and watched some folks play pickle ball.
Wednesday 02
Long talk with Ken in the evening.  He is going to come over in the morning and get the ladder for Pedro.  Earlier in the day we went over to Green Gables to get our first batch of winter squash.  They shut down for the season over the weekend.  Peoria markets last day was today.  We had a nice hike out on Evergreen road.  It was cold but the sun came out and Hb got to pet some horses so a good time was had by all.
Thursday 03
Did a massive cleanup at Russell's today and met David's mom Vickie.  Maggie also stopped by and said hello.  Came home late in the day and did some more raking of the pine needles.  I think I got a good handle on that chore.  Earlier in the day Ken came by as he was picking up the ladder to take over to Pedro's.
Friday 04
It started raining just after Dev picked up Hb to go shopping and out to eat.  I decided to go for a walk in the rain anyway.  I did a walk around the park.  When I got home I processed some garlic which I will plant in the Marion garden.  These are the garlics that most likely were from seed.  So they aren't the full mature garlic.
Saturday 05
Daylight savings time ends tonight.  We hit the Farmer's market and I got another $4 cabbage from Max.  I did a deal with him last week where I would get two for eight bucks.  We hung out in the Marriot for awhile and watched the Penn State game.  They were playing IU.  We then swung by for a burrito from Joanna and then the coop for some nuts and prunes.  We came home and I planted some garlic in the Marion garden and got another load of leaves from the house down the street on Marion where Andrew and Jessica used to live.  Hb and I went for a walk around the block and then had some dinner of our classic coleslaw :)
Sunday 06
We got snow here today.  We went to Pedro's at 11am with Mike and Kathy and when we came out it was snowing.  We over to Good Will and TJ's and by the time we got home it was starting to stick on the grass.  We had a nice salmon dinner and then I had a long talk with Sharon on the phone.  She did a nice show about her recent trip to Richfield, UT at Kathabela's and Liz was there.  There were 8 folks at the show which is a record post Covid.  Kath has been very strict about having more than a couple of people in her home compared to the good ol day when I was living in Pasadena.
Monday 07
It could not have been a crappier day to drive to Salem.  The good news is that it did not snow and there was no backup on the freeway.  It absolutely poured both ways, luckily it all went smoothly.  Hb's appt was at 1:40pm and we left the house at noon.  They took her right away and she was out in a jiffy.  We had a nice lunch at Rigoberto's.  When we arrived the place was freezing but they turned the heat on and in 5 minutes it was nice and toasty warm.  We like that place and the food is good and the people muy amable.
Tuesday 08
Hb and I went to her bank, then to the UPS store to send Munchies the clothes Hb bought for her late last week with Dev.  We then went to Market of Choice to get Hb lunch and a half of pumpkin pie.  It was her first pumpkin pie of the season !  Came home and I worked outside.  I got leaves on Richland the 2nd house in from the corner on the south side of the street.  The same house I got a big boat load of leaves last year one rainy morning when I was learning some of my mantra poetry.  I still remember that morning for some reason and it was before we headed on down to Carson City around Nov 05 of last year.  Came home and we were thinking of walking over to Phoenix's but it was too cold outside with some wind which made it very brisk.
Wednesday 09
It was a big day on many fronts.  After my meeting I went outside and did some more leaves.  At this time I am pretty topped off, and good to go.  I got more leaves in front of Dev's house and another round of leaves from 1065 SE Marion where Kyle and Kira live.  I gave them a round of garlic a few days back as Kyle was asking some questions about the garlic.  At 4pm we drove over to OSU; parked in our normal spot on 7th and walked onto campus.  We hung out with Will, Jim who we had met at some art walks many years back and Linda Edwards and her house mate Matthew who is from Ireland.  It was a fun evening.
Thursday 10
I did a bunch of work at Russell's.  Started out by finishing off cleaning up the northern side of my bed.  I had finished the south side a few weeks back.  Now that the beds are cleaned and I went out and got some great leaves and covered in its entirety all of the bed.  It is tucked in for winter :) Afterwards I took my car for a ride over to the parking lot at the boat dock and Hb and I went on a glorious mid autumn walk in the park.  It was sunny and cold and we were happy to be among the leaves.
Friday 11
The morning was nice and I had a two hour talk with Rand.  He is doing much better and we talked about the election results the other day along with life for him post tessie passing on 9/4.  It started raining for awhile and around 4pm we got out for a big walk as the rains departed we did a big walk around WL.
Saturday 12
Hit TJ's first and VC and then parked across from Towne Pump and walked over to the Farmer's market.  Bought our last purple cabbage from Max for the year.  Learned that Nicole who works at Gathering Together is a scorpio and her birthday is Tuesday the 15th.  She was born in 1999 and happens to be about two weeks older than Gabe.  In the afternoon I did some leaves who I got from Sarah's house who lives across the street from Steve Lawson.  She bought her house this summer and her partner is Mitch.  She may be interested in getting some sun chokes.
Sunday 13
At 2pm we went over to Renee's land to help Jaffer and Leon take down the tipi.  What a great ritual we have yearly and we love Leon and Jaffer so the afternoon could not have been more cold, beautiful and pleasant.  Towards the end Anna showed up and then Johngi at the very end.  We had a nice little fire brewing which we continued to stoke.  Note to camper. Wet wood is a negative energy force when trying to burn wood.  Don't go there.
Monday 14
Super gorgeous beautiful sunny day and slightly chilly but by the time we were walking from our church on Church Rd it was warm and not a bit windy or chilly.  We had a great walk and we walked the longest distance ever almost all the way around to Peoria Rd.  We crested the final rise and there was Peoria Rd just in the distance.  On the way back we found some lovely yellow apples that were some of the best apples I have ever eaten.  At least they tasted that fresh on this particular day.  We also found some other apples but that is another story.  We didn't eat those as the guy came out and started out scolding us for being on his private property.  He was stern but not really mean in any way.  I actually kind of liked him.  I asked him if he wanted his apples back, which was a nice gesture as well...  On the way home we stopped off at Peoria market and got some carrots, cabbage, yellow peppers and an eggplant.  We foregod the winter squash till next time.
Tuesday 15
Went over to Herbert open space after lunch.  Another gorgeous sunny day wind almost no wind.  Came home and did some leaf raking in the back yard and then went over to Pedro's to hang out with Stefan Link who was in town because he drove he and his mom out from her previous home in her car.  He is leaving town in the morning at 5:30am.  We spent a nice couple of hours with him.  He is doing great.  Alegra is living with Naava in Silver and Aiden is living in Leadville, CO as a guide for outdoor stuff.
Wednesday 16
Another sunny day.  After my meeting we walked over to WL.  Then came back and I got one load of leaves from in front of Ken's house on Bell.  Then I swept up some remaining pine needles in the side yard and took out the compost bin for Friday.
Thursday 17
Big blowout party at OSU this evening for the Engineering Stater Awards.  Got there at 6pm for cocktails and then a big dinner.  We sat with two grad engineering students who were both from Oregon.  Earlier in the day Cecilia came over to discuss her divorce paper work.  We enjoyed spending time with her and helping her translate the legalese for her final paper work.  Pablo is giving her the house so hopefully she should be in good shape.  In the afternoon I gathered leaves and met new neighbors Nick and Dave who live at the end of Bell next to the park.  Dave is a pilot.
Friday 18
Went for a walk in the afternoon around the park and sat on the bench out on the field with Mark for a long time.  It was great to spend time with him and bask in the cold winter sun !
Saturday 19
Another gorgeous day...  We were slated to go to the Farmer's market but then Boyd stopped by.  He came by the other day to talk about his old 20 year old computer and not being able to connect to Peak with his dialup modem.  We talked about the crypto meltdown tambien.  So around noon we headed out to Sandridge cemetery and did a walk there and then over 
Sunday 20
We went for a walk in the park in the afternoon and once again ran into Mark and Joey.  We usually tend to see Mark in batches and then a long time goes by and we do not see him.  Today we also saw the guy who is in charge of the hang gliding club.  Funny coincidence because we saw him 2 days ago when we saw Mark last time but this time we had gone to Lebanon yesterday and ran into Laura on the road to the gate which goes up to the hangliding butte off SandRidge road.  He said that was a private road so what Laura was telling me was true.  Also when we got to the "bench" Prem was sitting there talking to Mark so we hung out with them and then walked Prem back to his car.
Monday 21
My birthday was spent in Eugene.  We went down there to pick up some meds for Hb.  We started out at the 5th Street markets for awhile and then headed over to KP.  From there we had a nice Thai lunch at Chao Pra Ya Thai on 580 Adams Street.  It was our first time there and it was very passable.  On the way home we walked along the river in Harrisburg.  The light was right and we enjoyed our time there for about 1/2 hour.  We stopped by Peoria Market on the way home and picked up some remaining stuff.  They are out of almost everything; so this year is light than last year in terms of what they have left.  I think they had a big blowout the other day which cleaned them out. 
Tuesday 22
Did a shopping circuit in the morning including VC, Winco, TJ's and the coop.  Jonathan Siegel at the coop got us set up with our owner day discount and Hb bought blueberries and 2 bottles of syrup.  In the afternoon I did some cooking and then went over to Russell's and topped off my garden bed and the blueberry bed with a bunch of leaves.  I think I am pretty good there.
Wednesday 23
Mellow day.  After my meeting I went outside on Marion and got some more leaves.  I met our new neighbor Ben who lives just west of Moses in the rental house.  He spent lots of time down in the Medford area and was in Portland prior to moving down here.
Thursday 24
Hb and I had a nice quiet Thanksgiving similar to last year in Carson City.  We had salmon, sweet potatoes, red potatoes, cabbage, and cole slaw with pumpkin pie for dessert we bought at Winco on Tuesday.  Earlier in the day I finished up the leaves at the end of Marion.  After our dinner we went for a walk around the block.  Its cold outside and winter is here for the duration.  Its a strange journey, and we are grateful for the opportunity.
Friday 25
We hung out with Kyle Dogbone Jones and Luke Beene at his house.  We had potatoes with gravy cooked in pig fat.  Yum !:)
Afterwards we walked around the big block and ran into Jerry and Hester along the way.  Came home, did some cooking and took a bath.  A good day was had by all.
Saturday 26
Kiger Island walk in the afternoon.  We parked almost at the end and walked to the end until the dogs started barking then turned around and walked the other way and met an older lady whose parents bought the place and she was gone for 30 years, her ex-husband took her life savings and she was back tending to her many chickens.  She was very friendly.  It was a sunny gorgeous cold day in Oregon.
Sunday 27
We saw Michael on our walk in the late afternoon and stood there and spoke to him down near the Willamette Gardens.  His truck was parked in the dirt lot near there.  He told us that the way you know the moon is new is that the lit up part of the moon will be towards the sun or the west.  We saw that very clearly.  Earlier in the day at 11am we headed on over to Pedro's and hung out with Mike and Kathy.  Mike's mom arrived a few weeks back, that is why we saw Steffan.  A nice late morning was had by all.
Monday 28
We went to the chinese grocery store on Kings and bought some rice noodles.  I don't like that store.  We need to find another place that sells rice noodles.  We bought gas for $3.79 which is the lowest I think we have paid possibly in a long time.  Certainly since our time in Carson City when I specifically remember we were paying $4.75.  Can not believe gas prices have come back down.  We stopped by TJ's and Grocery Outlet.  We had not been there all summer and today we saw Celia who is now working there.  She told us that Pablo signed the paper work.  She came over to our house a week or two ago so we could review the final documents for her divorce.  She is getting the house.
Tuesday 29
In the morning I had a nice long talk with John Zeuli.  In the afternoon we went for a big walk around the park in the rain.
Wednesday 30
Hb and I went for a walk and then I cleared out the sun chokes which is a cherished annual ritual.  Also raked all of the leaves from the hazel nut tree in the side yard into the tree and the adjacent bush.


December 2022


Thursday 01
Got some more leaves for Russell's in the afternoon.  Short talk with Steve Lawson about doing things now.  Went for a short walk around the block afterwards and took my car for a ride all the way down to Greenberry and then I turned around.  This got the car nice and warmed up along with fully charging the battery.
Friday 02
Up early.  Had a meeting with Kristen Jackson at 9:30am.  Left the house at 10:30am for Michele's reading at 11am at Marie Towey's house.  I sat in their lovely house for awhile and then went for a nice walk around their block.  It was a gorgeous day, not real sunny but crisp and lovely and I loved my walk, hanging out in their home by the cat and being in a nice space.  Afterwards we went to Market of Choice for lunch and I bought a piece of turkey and Brussel Sprouts.  The turkey was a big deal and I couldn't figure out which one to get.  Came home and went for a walk and then ran into the lady on the NE corner of Park and Thompson and she said I could have some of her dirt.  She had a big pile that she dug up due to a patio project.  So I went home and got my wheel barrow and hauled two loads of dirt back home and threw it on top of the leaf pile that Jay and Sarah created for me.  It will be interesting to see how this blends together in the spring.
Saturday 03
Hung out with Johng around 3pm and then walked with him back to Renee's house.  It was a crisp, dry, cold evening in southtown and we saw Russell putting leaves on Barbara's garden beds.  Earlier I moved two more loads of dirt from Thompson and Park.  This is day 2 of the dirt moving project.  In the morning I did the bathroom mold dance and we also did Hb's office windows.  Hb cleaned up all of the mold and then we put down all of the towels for the winter water that drips off of the windows.  It was a gorgeous sunny day, and it was the day to do this project.
Sunday 04
South town art walk was a huge success today !  started out on Pedro's cul de sac where we met katherine edmonds who makes cutting boards and katy krupp who owns element graphics and has ukraine flags for sale.  from there we headed over to Tracy and John's farm and then over to Tal and Miriam's where we hung out for a long time talking to Teresa Reinhardt.  She knows Bina.  Tal just got back from Israel and they had a nice wood stove outside cranking along.  Ildi, Johng, and Gloria stopped by and we took some pictures.  From there we went to Coho and Hb had a coffee and a biscuit.  Then over to Coho where we ran into Craig and he I talked in front of Renee's and Hb went inside to take a pee and ended up hanging out with Dev and Anna for along time.  I went back to the Tuesday market for awhile and then we headed home.  It got real cold by about 5pm and a super fantastic day was had by all.
Monday 05
Around noon Hb and I went to the coop and then had some food upon return.  Ken then came over and brought back the ladder from Pedro's house and he hung out at our house for awhile.  Then we went for a walk around the park.  On the way back we stopped off at Mark's house and he gave each of us a delicatta squash along with some apples which were still doing well on his tree and on the ground.  Another cold cloudy non rainy winter day in Oregon and by the time we were ending our conversation with Mark I was chilled to the bone !
Tuesday 06
Since Ken brought the ladder back yesterday after lunch I started working on the gutters.  I got the high gutter done and the one filled with leaves on the north west side of the house.  Then I went over to Russell's and topped off the leaves.  I am good to go at Russell's for this season.  We got "lots" of leaves. 
Wednesday 07
So after my meeting and lunch Hb and I went out for a walk and then I came home and finished raking the leaves in the back yard.  Then I got the final leaves from Kyle at the end of Marion.  I think I got all of their leaves this year, for the most part.  I also think I am done with leaves.  This is the most leaves I have ever gotten in one season.  Because besides the boat load of leaves at our house I got a crap load of leaves at Russell's tambien.  Yesterday was the icing on the cake at Russell's as I got all of the leaves sitting on Ryan near his house and grew the stack almost out to the street next to the neighbor's adjacent property.
Thursday 08
See worklog entry on this day for more details.  I met Ken at 2pm at the CCC and we had a nice time playing ping pong.  It was our first time gathering there to play and we had fun.  We also played some other folks from Mexico who were very cool.  Afterwards I went shopping and filled up my gas tank with super blend for $25.  Gas prices have tanked from a high of $5.25 and now they are down to around $3.45 so we have witnessed a dramatic shift in sentiment in both oil and gas prices.  It was a cold rainy day but as I was cruising around the rain held off which was rather convenient.  I stopped off at Grocery Outlet and got two plastic boxes of greens.  This is my first round of greens since going to the Farmer's market probably in mid to late spring.  So these boxes of greens are a winter thing and the prices have not gone up since last year.  They are still $4.99 for one bucket !
Friday 09
Had a nice talk with Dad in the evening.  Hb and I went for a nice walk earlier in the day in the rain.
Saturday 10
I walked by myself over to WL and back just before dark and did not get rained on.
Sunday 11
Hb went to Costco with Dev and I stayed inside all day and did my annual filing of all of my BS paperwork that I leave as a backlog until usually about this time of year.  I never went outside the whole day until Hb got home around 5pm and then I went for a walk around the block.  It never really rained today.  Some water fell from the sky but it was fairly minimal.
Monday 12
Went for a nice walk out on Brattain Drive.  It was our first time ever riding and walking down that road.  Wow !  Its a gorgeous spot and the road was covered in branches that had fell down since autumn begun along with a bunch of needles from the old growth trees.  We parked across from the horse barn and Hb started out by hanging out with the horses.  Then we walked all the way until we crossed the bridge and up and bit to look out over the valley and see the snow capped foothills.  Afterwards we stopped by Peoria market and picked up probably some of our final winter squash for the year along with a final yummy big cabbage.  This has been one heck of a year for cabbages, apples and my storm variety of winter squash.  Before going home we went over to the corner of Goodpark and Goodnight and picked up two big bags of yellow winter apples.
Tuesday 13
Started out the day at Market of Choice where Hb had a nice lunch.  We are into going there more often now.  I also bought Hb a 100% cashmere scarf from Germany as her first Christmas present for $30.  Afterwards we hit TJ's and the Coop.  Came home and did a nice walk over to the water company.  The leaves were all on the ground and the reds, yellows were just a magnificent shade as the sun was going down in the west :)
Wednesday 14
Another big day on the home front.  Spoke to Pedro this morning and we are all set for Christmas Day with his mom, Mike and Kathy.  Also spoke to David Mayfield and he is coming over Friday at 1pm for a walk.  In the afternoon after my meeting which I sat in the sun from 1pm to 2pm.  This is good news when I get to have my meeting in the sun in the winter.  It helps to be on the south side of the street.  Then I did the front gutters which were not too bad.  Its good to keep working on this project.  I think I have one more day left.  This is the first time I have ever done it this way but I kind of like it.  Afterwards Hb and I went for a walk around the block and then I did a 2nd loop and also up Bethel and around past the lake.  It was a super beautiful cold winter day and "de la ciudad moruna" is helping me to get through it.
Thursday 15
Phoenix stopped over around lunch time and we hung out for awhile.  It has been along time since he last came over.  Around 2pm we headed downtown and walked to the end of town and then circled back to Alan's new building next to Robnett's.  It is the future home of the Greenbelt Land Trust and today was their annual Christmas party.  The food was lame as they only had cookies from New Morning Bakery and coffee.  But that worked out fine as I ate less junk.  We spoke to our neighbor Jen as well as Oatmar and John and Lee Miller's friends from Monroe.  It was another stellarly gorgeous cold sunny day and we got out a bit late but it was still very special for this time of year.
Friday 16
It was another super fantastic sunny day from first light until the last speck of light.  Perfectly clear, crisp and cold in the valley.  David came over at 1pm and we headed out to the Herbert open space.  It was our first time there together.  I had been wanting to take him there for awhile.  He came in our house afterwards and hung out with Hb for awhile.  Afterwards Hb and I did a walk around the block.  It was a gorgeous crisp cold evening and we got home before dark.
Saturday 17
Hb and I started up the car as it was a very cold morning early before we left the house.  It was a lovely, sunny cold day.  Our first stop was Walmart for soap and kleenex and a blue pair of sweat pants.  Then Costco for TP and a nice chicken.  Over to Winco for tortillas then Grocery Depot for random stuff.  We had a nice lunch at Rigobertos and then briefly walked around downtown Albany.  We got home and tucked everything in and then went for a big walk around the block.  It was a still evening and the weather was nice for a walk.  We saw lots of nice Christmas lights especially our neighbor Cheryl who has one of the best !
Sunday 18
I started out the day by listening to the World Cup.  Argentina beat France in a thriller at the end.  They won with the penalty kicks.  It was quite a game.  Pedro called and we went over to his house after picking up a christmas tree stand at Robnett's.  He picked us up at the house.  Mike and Kathy were there too.  We helped Pedro get his tree set up with the new stand we bought and hung out awhile at his house.  We then walked around the block and came home and I made lunch with the chicken we bought yesterday at Costco.  Then I did my annual cut the grass at this time of year.  I started up the mower and cut the front lawn and a bit of the side yard.  I love this time of year and the ritual of running the mower out of gas.  I accomplished the task and its empty :) It was a nice evening not too cold and I walked around the yard a bit with my black plastic boots which I picked up this summer on the side of the road somewhere.  They fit great and really work well for me !
Monday 19
In the afternoon I cleaned up some of the front yard on the Jay and Sarah border including freeing up space around the rosemary bush which I planted a couple of years back.  It is happy very protected in the summer by a bunch of other stuff including getting shade from the sun chokes.  In the winter the rosemary gets to show off her glory to the world.
Tuesday 20
At 6:30am we got a text message stating Jenny was out sick and that Hb's dental appt would be cancelled.  Later in the morning it was rescheduled for Jan 17.  Around lunch time we headed out to go shopping and then returned and went for a nice walk.  The weather got nice from cloudy and rainy.  It wasn't super nice but good enough to make us happier than dark clouds.  We lit the hanukkah candles in the evening and had cole slaw.
Wednesday 21
Beautiful dinner evening at Scott and Kathy's.  Got there at 6pm and was home by 11pm.  I thought it was about 8:30pm.  Jerry and Lynne were there along with Lesley who brought plum cake from Herrod's.  We had a really fun time on Solstice eve.  Earlier we went for a walk around the park.  It was full blast sun all day and we hung out with Joe on the bench for awhile.  I sat in the sun in the garage and did our core team meeting.  I love days when I can sit outside and do our meeting.  I was feeling really good today and the sun helped out.  Saw Steve Lawson and Rand called him last week and they had a nice chat (thanks to me).
Thursday 22
Today might be the coldest day of the year.  It was in the high 20's all day and when I went out to do the trash and went for a short walk to the end of Alexander it was just plain freaking cold.  The forecast over the next number of days is dramatically warmer back up into the 50's but for now we will deal with it :)  Bina called this morning to check in from Germany.  She is having a good trip per usual.  Spoke to David Lawson.  The last time we spoke was on Monday August 10, 2020.  That was over 2 years ago.  So we are are actually doing pretty well on our talking.
Friday 23
Never left the house.  There was thick ice from our door step everywhere.  I never saw one car pass our house today.  We were supposed to go to Pedro's house to visit with his Mom at 1pm but we never left; it was too dangerous.  In the afternoon we watched the movie made you look a true story about fake art.
Saturday 24
We went to the coop to get some peas for tomorrow's potluck dish at Pedro's.  Came home and walked over to Renee's for Crystal's dog Chaco who passed away yesterday from cancer.  On the way we had a long talk with Michael (of Cheryl).  They were down in Belize a few weeks back for a week.  Michael told me Spain was more reasonable than Belize from an expense point of view.  The ceremony down at Renee's was touching from many perspectives.  Attending was Leaf, Michael, Ildi, Byron, Crystal, Towey (Nancy) and Ryah.  The rains held off and the temps were relatively mild.  Chaco was a good dog, and everyone loved Chaco.  Came home and had cookies waiting for us from Jay and Sarah and Anna.  Earlier in the day Steve dropped us off some cookies too.  We got out today after yesterday's ice debacle when we never left the house.  Spending time today with Michael, Michael, Leaf and Byron along with everyone else was very nice and touch from a community point of view.  Coming together to mourn our loved ones passing is always a nice way to connect in a deep way with the spiritual world which surrounds us and encompasses us.
Sunday 25
Up early and started cooking for the day.  I made four dishes, winter squash, peas, kale, and beet salad.  We got to Pedro's at 3pm and started out the day with cheeses.  We had a great time spending time with Nancy Day, Mike and Kathy.  I did all of the dishes at the end of the evening and we were totally cleaned up.  We left Pedro's house at 9pm and spent 6 hours spending time with our Corvallis family.  It was a very unseasonably warm day which I love this time of year.
Monday 26
Early in the morning I took out some more trash as they had not come by yet to pick it up due to the holiday.  So I got outside and it was warm so I decided to do a walk around the block.  Along the way I saw Judy who asked where my other half was.  Then I saw farolita bags and decided to pick them all up.  It was a warm humid morning and as I picked up the bags I was kind of sweating a bit.  I got home and was excited to do a bunch of work outside so I cleaned out the garage and since the trash was still sitting there to be picked up I threw lots of stuff from the garage away and did a major New Year's tidy up of the garage.
I noticed some winter squash was going bad so I did a huge batch of winter squash in the oven and dumped out a bunch of seeds and squash debris into the big pile of leaves on the side yard.  Around that time the clouds started moving in and the sprinkles were on their way !  In the late afternoon Boyd and Jan came over for our holiday treats and we gave them a nice bottle of TJ's olive oil.  They are taking the train from here to Phoenix area in February and the round trip with sleeper cars and food totals out to be $3700.
Tuesday 27
It rained all day and just around sun set it stopped raining and we coincidentally went out for a walk.  It was nice, streets were a mess from downed little branches all over the place.  Had a very long classic talk with Pedro this evening.  One of those marathon calls.  Peter's mom is on her way back home to Abq and Eli Scavron is finally in Seattle and considering coming down here to visit (according to his Dad) and I had an hour long talk with Sharon today as well and she is thinking about paying us a visit sometime this winter as well.  So lots going on today on another boring winter day just after Christmas.
Wednesday 28
Today is Anna's birthday and just as I readied her birthday envelope stashed with six $2 bills, plus 15 = 27 I heard her (and Juniper who was in town) playing outside so the universe guided me to give her the envelope in that moment of having just sealed it.  Hb and I went for a walk around the big WL block.  It was raining some but not nearly enough to get in our way.  I made a reservation at the Hilton Garden Inn in Medford for Friday the 13th using Hb's points from her CC.
Thursday 29
So it was a cloudy rainy day but by the time I went out for my walk around the WL loop it stopped raining for that time.  It was glorious walking at the end of the year.  I was kind of sort of in a meditation and it worked.  Upon return I had a nice chat with Wolfe, Steve's friend who was taking care of the bird while Steve is up in Seattle.  I like Wolf.  I think he is a member of the tribe and just got divorced after being married for 35 years.  He is a good person.  Steve has good friends.  Steve is cool.  Earlier Hb and I went to TJ's and the Grocery outlet.  Sharon and I are discussing Thomas Pynchon in depth.
Friday 30
It rained all day.  In the afternoon I went out to clean out the drains on the streets from leaves and came back and Patrick and Izzy were at our house.  We hung out with Patrick and Mindy in the garage for awhile.  They are staying at Mindy's mom's house in Monroe; and her parents are down in Palm Springs.  They have the whole house to themselves.  They are liking living out in Halfway.  It is the first time we saw them since they left to move back out there for the 2nd time.  The first time was a few years back.
Saturday 31
I got up early and was out the door early before I had breakfast.  It was one of those winter mornings when you get up and its beautiful outside and you say to yourself you better get out there ASAP.  I did that and was rewarded with sunshine in the park.  I checked out the water level because we have gotten so much rain the past few days and it was up to the top minus 2 - 3.  So mainly the river was totally full and ready to almost dump on the parking lot.  Just as I was leaving that area and heading up the hill Mark let out a hoot and so I hooked up with him and Joey and we headed back to his house and we hung outside for awhile in his shop and watched the rain roll in.  Mark and I are bonded and he is probably one of my closet friends here in Corvallis.  I just really like him and our relationship continues to improve with time.  We like each others company.  Today we talked about being sensitive and what that means and how to understand it better.  I walked home after a while and today I signed up for fm.  I had been thinking about it for awhile and today, the last day of the year I am breaking away from one of my central worries in the IT world and my own personal security in cyberspace.  So this is a gigantic step forward and its only appropriate that I take this step on the last day of 2022.  Happy New Year !  And we welcome in 23 with good health and welfare.  I wrote Bina an email as she sent everyone her annual note from Germany.  I also planted some more fava beans in the back yard.  The first round is starting to pop up and so we are ready for round two.  In the evening we headed downtown to the bar downstairs from Magenta restaurant.  We enjoyed being with Dev and Bill.  We got there a bit early and sat in the restaurant lobby and then about 7:30pm we headed downstairs.  It was a lovely evening, see associated pictures in email streams and photos.  We got home and went to bed just after midnight, just after the fire works and just after watching our best friend Paddy Doyle on Vietnam.