January 2023


Sunday 01
The first day of the year was spent in Buena Vista.  We got there after noon and did our usual walk down to the ferry, then the boat ramp park, and then up to the cemetery.  We hung out there for awhile and as hoped the sun popped out her head and we took some glorious pictures.  It could not have been nicer up there on that ridge overlooking everywhere.  It was our first day of the year and we were happy.  Afterwards we headed over to Rigoberto's for lunch and then a short walk around Albany.  We stopped at the coop on the way home for some syrup and were home before 5pm.  The light was still good when we got home.  The first day of our year could not have been better.
Monday 02
Early in the morning I went for a walk and ran into Dave of Dave and Judy and then Boyd and he and I walked over to the cemetery and he went on his jog and I walked home.  Made turkey today for the New Year and Hb and I went for a long walk around the Stone block passed Beer 30 and back up past Lilly Park.
Tuesday 03
It was sunny and beautiful for awhile in the morning and I got out for my walk late but luckily I got the walk in just before it started raining just after 2pm.  I had nice talks with Duncan the bird guy who told me all about the bald eagle population in the park along with various and other sundry bird tidbits.  I also saw Jon from Sweden the baker and towards the end of my journey I ran into Mark and Joey.  I drove my car over there so I did not walk home with Mark.  At around 6pm we headed out to our OddFellows meeting.  Each year in January we got to the meeting to pay our dues.  This year the dues was once again $100.  I learned this evening that Jean Luc had moved back to Cleveland, Ohio for no apparent reason than to possibly be with his son and family.  He was embedded in the community here but that was enough and he went back "home".  It was a strange evening going to the meeting.  Dave Delan is the new noble grand.  It is like a bad farside comic strip, but I will leave all of that for another day :)
Wednesday 04
Long walk with my Mexican neighbor on Marion who is from Concord, Ca.  He has lived on Marion for over 20 years.  He has a house and horses in Guadalajara.  Earlier we had a long walk with Renee, and Crystal.  Crystal got her new dog Digby and we met him for the first time.  It was nice being out with them and the light late in the day was gorgeous.
Thursday 05
In the morning I had a long talk with Ken and then Rand.  Both were heavy duty talks.  Late in the morning I started working on the east garden bed adjacent to Jen's fence.  It was my first time putting in a garlic bed in this location which will be an experiment.  Hb and I went to Lasells around 5pm and spent a long talk with the juror of the show James.  He told us about the movie Stutz.
Friday 06
We went out for a walk late in the day and met James who was walking on the street over on Thompson.  It was an interesting interaction.  He had been in jail in the past and was from Tennessee.  He showed us his scar which he got from having testicular cancer which metastisized into his stomach region.  We walked him over the bus stop and he gave me a hug goodbye.  It was a moving encounter of a homeless person who had just arrived down here from Portland.  Earlier in the day we went shopping at TJ's and the circuit including going over to Winco, the VC, Grocery Outlet and the Coop.  We bought some food for the potluck tomorrow.
Saturday 07
At 1pm we arrived at the Friend's meeting house where Mahagony and Sole were having their send off from Earth Rising back to 183 Owl Creek Rd in Spencer, NY 14883.  It was a fantastic moving afternoon including long talks with Tim Dehne, and Will Werner and the rest of the tribe of southtowners, tuesday market folks et al.  There was no one there from Earth Rising except for Torin and Eliza who live in Monroe.  The gathering could not have been nicer.  The time was right, 1 - 4pm the food was great, and the venue was magically perfect.  Soon after arriving Phoenix or Tim Dehne brought fudge in a box and so I had a tiny piece and I write this note six hours later it is still working well.  This is a trip.  See a letter this day that I sent to Iris for more details.
Sunday 09
In the evening Hb and I watched the movie Stutz which was recommended to us Thursday evening by the person who judged the art show at LaSells.  On that evening we had a vey meaningful conversation with this person who told us to please watch this film which turned out to be a good one.  I planted half of the side yard garlic bed today.  It was the first time ever planting a bed of garlic on the side yard.  In the past some garlic has been grown but we will see how it does this summer as a future experiment.  The weather today by the time I got outside was windy and cold with lots of clouds, showers, and not much light or sun.
Monday 09
We got out early in the afternoon and did a walk around the WL block.  It stayed nice and not raining the whole time.  Earlier in the day we dealt with Hb points and cancelling a reservation in Medford, OR we had with points because the weather this week is crappy and we rolled the dice when making the reservation thinking it might be good but it turned out not so.  We got charged $20 for cancelling the reservation so we will see what happens.  After we got home from the walk I put some dirt down on the sidewalk edge where the sunchokes exist.  Its an annual ritual which did not happen last year of loading up some dirt in that spot.
Tuesday 10
David Mayfield came over at 1pm and we went for a nice walk around the park.  At the end of our walk we saw Mark and Joey in front of his house.  Hb and I did a walk around the block right when I got home.  No rain today :)
Wednesday 11
we had a good meeting.  JT is still on vacation taking a month or so off and chilling out in the summer time in New Zealand.  Hb and I took my car for a ride down to Smith Loop and went for a nice walk.
Thursday 12
Hb and I went for a walk into the park via Bethel.  It was kind of drizzly initially but by the time the afternoon was waning and evening was approaching towards the end of our walk it got very nice outside.  I planted the remaining garlic in the side garden bed along with some garlic scape seeds.  So this bed is planted out.  It is my first time planting garlic in the side yard garden beds.
Friday 13
Things are good, I am feeling happy and the winter is moving along on a good note.  Hb is doing well, and we are getting out daily for some very nice walks.  I had a great talk with Dad this evening and we talked about all sorts of cool stuff.  I read to him over the phone the letter I sent to Iris last weekend about Sole's going away party and my garden activities.  In 1927 the world population was 2B, the year I was born it was around 3B.  I don't usually note my work here but this week I got into working on tree-sitter.  This could be one of my big scalable rust projects on par with datafusion, iox, and tantivy.  I would like to go back and review my worklog to recap the progress I have made over the past couple of years and try to correlate in my mind the vector of where I am going from here and how things are related.
Saturday 14
Hb and I went to Lebanon today and stopped by Jan's farmhouse.  She is a big talker.  It is the first time we met her and she is 72 years old.  Here husbands name is Pete and he works at Costco and is 15 years younger than her.  They have 44 acres.  We had lunch at Los Arbolitos.  We saw Amy Becker's friend Dave at Grocery Depot as we were leaving it was around 4pm and he was riding his bike back to Corvallis in some weather that could be rain in the winter.
Sunday 15
We arrived at Pedro's right on the dot at 11am and beat Mike and Kathy to the punch.  We were the first car in the driveway and the last one to leave.  We had a great talk.  Afterwards when we got home I called Sima immediately and spoke to her for awhile and then Rand for awhile.  He told me about his recent poker winnings.  Hb and I then went out for a nice walk and I came home and cooked some dinner and called David Friedman.  We had a great talk, this time not about the equity markets which is a good trend moving forward to be able to move off that topic onto other ones which is refreshing I believe for both of us as we have kind of gotten stuck in that market wrap talk for awhile and now we are able to proceed forward onto other venues and topics.
Monday 16
So we were going to the coop but decided to first go for a walk in the park.  It was a sunny late morning / early afternoon and right off the bat we saw Karen Mayo walking with Margaret (and Marvin fame)...  From there we ran into Sapora and she walked us all the way to the end of the trail and then over to her house and then into her back yard where we met her husband Dan who is city planner for the City of Stayton.  Now we had to walk all the back to our car and by the time we got back there I was tired.  And when we got to the coop the sun turned to dark skys and some rain.  We bought our food, came home, cooked and by that time it was almost 6pm.
Tuesday 17
Hb and I went to the dentist at 11am.  I dropped Hb off and went over to Winco to buy some organic vegetables.  They have a good selection, and its getting better.  I like Winco !  Went back to the dentist and Hb was done so we swung by VC, TJ's and Grocery Outlet.  At TJ's I ran into Seth (and Sarah) who is our neighbor who bought the house across from Kathy Miller.  Came home, had some lunch and then Hb and I went out for a walk.  Got back and Bina came over.  She had some tea and stayed at our house for quite awhile.  She got back from Germany late last week and had sent me a big package of seeds that were bush beans.  After she left Pedro had called me so I spoke to him for awhile about a minivan he is thinking of buying so he can get his wheel chair into it.  He has been without a vehicle now for almost a year since he fell last April.  Now he will have mobility again with being able to get a wheel chair into his van.
Wednesday 18
Another Will Werner bday party at Kathy's has come and gone and tonight was a good one.  We met Johna who lives on Bethel and her mom Rebecca.  She was just in Argentina and works in the summer on a petrol shipping vessel in the summer.  Earlier in the day I had a talk with Phil Burgess at Space and Time.  In the afternoon I had my nushell core team meeting and went for a short walk to the end of the street and took a nap before the party.  The evening was cold in fact the whole day was cold.  When we walk home at night its amazing how quiet it is in Corvallis when everyone goes to sleep and all of the cars go home.  We are not usually out this late in the evening, but when we do go out I am amazed at how we really do live in a small town where at night they roll up the sidewalks...
Thursday 19
I had a talk with Scott from Space and Time at 5:45pm which is late for me.  Earlier in the day we were out on Kiger Island and met Mindy from Kiger Island Blues.  We walked from our parking spot to Powells Street and back which turns out to be a little over 2 miles... Hb took down the Christmas tree today and we wrapped it up and put it behind the couch.  I also put the other stuff back in the shed.
Friday 20
At 11am Pedro and I went to get himself a new used car.  We first went to a dealership where we ended up buying a car later in the day.  Then checked out a couple of other places.  Then had a turkey burger with a gluten free bun at Burgerville and then came back and bought the car.  The young man whose daughter is two years old and whose name is Opal drove Pedro's old vehicle back to his house and took out the extra seat and put that in the garage and then Peter took him back downtown.  I got home and Peter came back to our house to show Hb his new car.  I then cooked our turkey delicacy and then Hb and I went out for a walk.
Saturday 21
Started working on Hb's passport online.  In the afternoon we went over to Fred Meyer to take some pictures and then walked up Filmore west to the end.  On the way home we stopped off to get Hb some cash at her ATM.
Sunday 22
More messing around with Hb pictures for passport photo upload along with fm email system tweaking so I can switch over to them as a provider longer term.  In the afternoon Dev and Anna stopped by for awhile and I had a nice talk with Jason while Hb was hanging out with the girls.  I went outside and did some trimming of the fig tree and then Hb and I went for a walk and caught a great sunset out in the open space of WL.
Monday 23
By the time we got outside at around 1pm and started driving over towards Jev Clark's office the sun was out and blasting.  I noticed it just as we turned the corner of 99 and Crystal Lake headed north into town.  It was freaking amazingly sunny...  We stopped by one of the hoods on the way over there actually at the corner of Elmwood and 27th and walked north on 27th to Dixon Creek.  Drove over to the dentist and Hb had some coffee and a cookie and I was in and out in a jiffy.  Jev Clark is cool !  From there we went to Winco to buy some food for Martin's arrival this Friday and then went to Market of Choice.  Hb and I had a nice lunch.  Hb bought us 2 salads and we sat upstairs in our favorite spot and looked across the valley at the sunshine.  On the way home we stopped off at VC for some bananas and got home and went for a quick walk around the block.  We saw Will pull up in his car as he had just driven down from Wilsonville.
Tuesday 24
This has been a busy time for me.  Started out the day working on Hb's passport application and got it done !  The photo uploaded fine.  At 10am I had a call with Vince from SpaceTime.  That lasted one hour and then I checked in with David Mayfield and he came over here at 2:30pm.  Prior to my call with Vince I cooked breakfast and after my call with him I cooked lunch.  After David left Hb and I took a walk and stopped by Phoenix and Naj's house and we met Eddy for the first time whose birthday is Nov 14, 2021.  We also met Nate who is deaf but was an interesting character.  Phoenix is transferring his OddFellow membership out to Scio to be in Tim's lodge.  The walk home from his house was dark and very foggy and cold.
Wednesday 25
After our nushell core team meeting we went for a walk around the park.  The light was good and it was not cold like yesterday.
Thursday 26
Shopping the morning.  Left the house around 11:30am and was back before 1:30pm.  At around 3pm we headed back out to go to OSU.  We hung out in the new Austin building and they had a gas fireplace which was nice.  We had never hung out here before but when we saw the fireplace it attracted us.  The talk by Marilyn Mackiewicz was amazing.  She was a young woman with a lot of spunk who told the audience never to give up on yourself and don't believe what others tell you if its not empowering to you.  The talk began at 5:30 and we got there a bit before 5pm for the reception.  We parked at our normal spot on 7th and walked over to campus.  It was a dry day with no rain, cloudy and chilly but not frigid. 
Friday 27
Today was a big day.  We walked over to Ildi's around 4:40pm and got there just before the bell gonged 5pm.  It was Johngi's going away party.  He is heading out to Tucson tomorrow.  He hung around a bit longer this year because he had a hernia operation a few weeks back.  He was looking healthier this evening.  Dhara brought her guitar over so at the end of the evening she and Johngi both played some nice songs.  We were the first ones there and the last ones to leave.  I don't believe we have been to Ildi's house since Covid began.  The last time I remember being at her house was when we had a bbq at her house outside in the summer before covid, it was along time ago.  I remember Will being there and I can't remembe when it was.  Any way Ildi continued to have parties throughout the end of covid and we never went to them so it was great to go to her house this evening.  I had a nice talk with plumber Dave who we also saw the other evening at Phoenix's house.  Earlier I did some yard work and finished trimming back the fig tree and then planted garlic in the fig tree garden bed and moved some soil over there tambien.  I got up early this morning and started cooking. Martin came over at 11:45am with his son Max who was looking at OSU as a possible option.  We shared a nice lunch together and they were gone before 1:30pm.  We had not seen Martin since before covid during late August of 2019 when we went up to his house and had a nice lunch outside.  After lunch at his house we drove up to Longview, Wa back in 2019.
Saturday 28
Mellow day at home.  Did laundry in the morning and in the afternoon we did the short walk around WL through the open space.  We saw Plumber Dave walking but did not say hi to him.  On the way home it started raining. 
Sunday 29
Woke up and it was cold and sunny.  Winds are out of the NNE today and I finally realized this is how it works in the winter too.  When they are from the NNE in the summer its HOT and when they are from the NNE in the winter its COLD.  Today was a big cleaning day in the morning.  When I see the sun I think clean my room and I literally took everything off my desk and dusted the desk, the glass, and shook out the cloth on my desk and attempted to throw some stuff away.  I took some glass canning jars to Steve and Jan too.  In the afternoon I took my car for a ride over to Kiger Island and went for a walk.  I walked over to the river at the short part of the road.  Hb stayed home as it was cold and windy but when I got home we went for a short walk around the block and then I did another loop.
Monday 30
It was another sunny day today so we took full advantage of it.  Hb wanted to go to lunch at the Market of Choice so we headed over in that direction and I stopped off at the bank and dropped off a big load of pennies into the change counter.  I had never used it before but it works real well.  We also went across the street to the other bank in the hood.  Hb got some nice food and we sat upstairs in the sun drenched room and took in all of the light and heat.  The upstairs at MofC is hot and the downstairs is cold and that is because they have a very high ceiling with the heat blasting and it all rises quickly to where we are seated.  Afterwards we went for a big walk from Garfield park all the way down to Buchanan and swung back around past our dentist through the park and back home to our car.  La luz del atardecer se queda mas tiempo.
Tuesday 31
Around 4pm we went for a giant walk and circled back through WL.  We got home just as it got dark at 6pm.  Earlier in the day at around noon I picked up 20lbs of apples from Leonard Apples.  His apples are still 50 cents per pound so before Christmas I gave him $20 and I am just picking up my first round of apples now.  That tree at the corner of GoodPark and Goodnight across the street was a huge haul possibly before Thanksgiving and they lasted me till now along with various and sundry other trees around town.  In the morning we had our third full day of sun I finished cleaning up my room by literally vacuuming the whole thing including removing everything under my desk, all of the boxes on the north wall and all of the jars behind the door.  I even opened up the window tambien so I got super excited.  About half way through I went over to Leonards and came back and finished up the project. 


February 2023


Wednesday 01
In the afternoon we went for a walk near Winco.  It was our second time walking around this hood.  The first time was the day I went to the dentist on January 23 prior to seeing Jev Clark.  And today was our second time.  It was sunny and we were happy.  We did the full loop this time where as last time we only walk to Dixon Creek.  Its a nice walking spot prior to going to Winco.  Winco is becoming more of an important spot to shop in our life because they have the organic vegetables and we are into them.  Came home and did another walk around the block.  Earlier in the day I signed the paperwork on docusign with SpaceTime.  I found on our walk today Volume 4 in Spanish of Harry Potter.  So this could be a big win for me.  Hopefully I make some progress with the book.
Thursday 02
Anne Doepner talk was interesting.  We got to go to the reception late at about 5:30pm and snuck in when the speaker started to talk.  She gave a great talk after the reception.  It started out kind of slow but rallied as she got more personal in her delivery.
Friday 03
Laundry in the morning and I washed my sheets as Sharon is coming on Sunday.  In the afternoon I went out for a walk and then Hb and I did another walk past Lincoln Elementary School and back around on Lilly.
Saturday 04
In the morning I did some work on my taxes and we started working on Hb's tambien.  In the early afternoon we did a food shopping circuit for Sharon's arrival manana.  Came home and went back out for a walk and decided to head around on Denman and we ran into Patrick who was in town to deal with the rats at their house.  We had a long talk with him.  All is todo bien !  Its always great spending time with him.
Sunday 05
Sharon arrived around 5pm and we went out for a walk around the block.  She is doing well and it is great to see her.  The three of us had a lovely dinner and enjoyed each others company with wine and cheer and good conversation.  Earlier in the day I did a bit of work outside and eagerly anticipated Sharon's arrival.  The weather was mostly nice today and the late afternoon ended on a nice chilly and sunny note.  In the morning I cooked the winter squash and baked potatoes.
Monday 06
Sharon gave us a show of Robert Stewart's photos of the great heron.  Earlier we saw Michael in the park.  It was Sharon's first time meeting him.  They had a good talk.  After breakfast we headed out to the Herbert open space and immediately saw Sally driving out.  She told us the path was flooded and how to go around instead.  It was a lovely day, and not too cold or windy.  Came home and had lunch and then went for another walk before dark when we saw Michael.
Tuesday 07
Sharon left early in the morning.  We got up around 7:30am and had oatmeal and she was out the door before 9am.  It was a quick trip but we all had a great time !  We love Sharon and it was fun spending time with her.  The rest of the day was sad as we missed her.  But in the late mid afternoon it got a bit nicer and the rains ceased and we went out for a nice walk around the WL block.  By the time we got home it was really nice.
Wednesday 08
Day started out with a long talk with John Gutman about many of our favorite topics.  Got an email from Phil at SxT and that prompted a whole round of energy outflow for the day concluding with a call with Scott late in the afternoon.  Also had our nushell talk and a walk afterwards on the Atwood circle.  Linda and Jay are getting a new roof with new plywood tambien.  Ended the evening with a nice call with Dad.
Thursday 09
In the early afternoon I went outside and did some digging on the west garden bed adjacent to Jay and Sarahs.  I moved over some leaves and dirt.  The day was sunny and spectacular and afterwards we went over to osu for a nice lasell's gathering at 5pm.  We parked in our usual spot on 7th around 4pm and walked across campus and hung out in the MU for awhile before walking over to lasells.  Will was there so we had fun being with him and then at the end of the night we met Jeannie who is 94 years old and is Tina's mother.  Tina grew up in Brazil and was there until she was 17.  Her dad was a bush pilot for the missionaries.  We stayed at the art gallery until 7:30pm and got to our car around 8pm.
Friday 10
Lee Miller came by this morning around 10:30am.  I gave him $26 for 2 blueberry plants.  He was in town for PT.  He had breakfast with me this morning.  I made him some cereal.  Hb picked up Dev around 11:30am just as Lee was leaving and she went to lunch at Anna's house.  I worked outside after lunch and dramatically trimmed back the bush on the west side of our house.  The one that is a PITA for me.  But it is now looking good and should be good for awhile :) I also finished up the gutters.  The only ones remaining were the two lower ones on the east side of the house.  I think this is a new trend.  Hold off on always doing those last.  They weren't too bad.  Hb and I went for a walk around the block and we had a nice talk with Steve Miller who has all of the boats and lives across the street from Mike and Kirsten.  He recently had a party which I found out was a wake for one of his friends who recently passed.  He told me about Ron passing  tambien who used to live next to Patrick and Mindy.  Ron and Steve used to go fishing about 36 miles out at sea which is called the ranch.  They used to get halibut and salmon and he told me about some rough waters he has hit in the past.  Being out on the open ocean is not for the faint of heart.  I learned that the time I went sailing in the ocean off the coast of the north shore of Beverly, Ma when I was in my 20's :)  Can't remember at the moment what the name of the person was that I went sailing with but I can still picture his face.  He may have worked with me at Eaton ?  But I can't be for sure about that...
Saturday 11
In the morning I spent more time working on my taxes.  At 2pm Iris, Dad, and I had a two session zoom call of 40 minutes each.  I sat out in the sun and basked in it the whole call and did the call as well.  It was good that all of us got together.  Afterwards we did a shopping circuit and came home and went for a walk.  It was a gorgeous, slightly warm, sunny day from start to finish.
Sunday 12
More work on Hb taxes in the morning.  At 3pm we went over to Jan and Boyd's house.  They are going to Phoenix on the train and we are going to water their plants once while they are gone.  On our way home from their house we just happen to run into Steve who had just cooked a whole bunch of yummy dishes for the super bowl and he was excited to see us and offered us each a nice big to go box of scrumptious super bowl food.  We scored got some great food and went home and had a delicious yummy dinner.  We then called Pedro, went for a big walk past coho and around the lake back to peter's where we watch the end of the super bowl.  Kansas City beat Philly in a nail biter at the end of the game.
Monday 13
Hb and I did not go out for a walk until after dark.  If I remember correctly it rained pretty much all day on and off and I was busy working on nushell crate bustup.
Tuesday 14
Today we awoke to a dusting of snow.  Boyd and Jan hopped on the train today probably around 4pm.  Hb and I went to Winco after my spacetime computer arrived via UPS.  Prior to Winco we went for a loop walk at our favorite spot near Winco.  We also stopped by the Grocery Outlet for some greens.  We came home and went for another walk around the WL block.
Wednesday 15
I had my core team meeting at 1pm and then Hb and I went for a long walk in the park.  We bumped into Prem and had a nice long talk with him.  We had not seen him since the final rainy cold Tuesday market back in late October.  He is heading down to Mexico soon and was excited to report that info to us along with a stop over at the National Museum in Mexico City and on down to Puebla and possibly Oaxaca.
Thursday 16
See worklog from this day on more details of my spacetime computer saga.  I had a great talk with John Zeuli very early this morning.  We talked for about 90 minutes and I was outside the whole time walking.  I told John what was going on with work etc.  He is a great guy and a good friend of mine and one of my core therapists in my life.  Its great when your friends can help you out.  Soon after that in the middle of my computer root password fiasco, again see notes on this day, Pedro called mittenderinin as my mom used to say so I went over to his house to do glass recycling and swap out lids for a pot.  Turns out that at one of our previous gatherings with Mike and Kathy that my lid for my pan got switched off with one of Pedro's and it took us a few months to sort it back out.  Hb and I did a nice walk around the WL block late in the day and we got home just before dark.
Friday 17
Hb and I went out after lunch.  We went to Grocery Outlet to get Deva shampoos for $10 instead of $30.  Afterwards we parked at our usual spot in the park next to LPMC and did a nice walk over to VC where we went in and took a break.  I got home and planted the blueberry plant that Lee Miller brought by this morning.  He brought me two chandler blueberries and the first one landed in the front yard next to the other blueberry we put in maybe two years ago ?  It was an absolutely beautiful day and actually kind of warm and very sunny.
Saturday 18
Hb and I did laundry in the morning and in the afternoon we went out to Inavale farm to see the horses.  We did the big loop up the hill and around the Christmas tree farm.  A great day was had by all.  Earlier in the day we did laundry, it was sunny and gorgeous in the morning.
Sunday 19
In the late afternoon we headed over to the Herbert open space for a nice walk along the water bank prior to crossing over.  We did this walk with Sharon two weeks ago.  This time we sat down on the log at the end for awhile.  We love this spot.  It is about 7 or 8 minutes from our house.  Earlier in the day I planted the second blueberry Lee Miller brought us.  It went in the line of bushes along the sidewalk.  It was another beautiful day in Oregon almost peaking out in the mid to high 50's.  Had a very nice talk with Sharon Hawley at 7pm.  We talked for awhile.  She is back in Richfield, UT after leaving our house she hit Bend, Boise, and Brigham City the 3 B's.
Monday 20
Had my first ever design meeting with Scott Dykstra.  It was a mellow day today.  Hb took a nap late in the day and while she was sleeping I went for a couple of short walks.  I also went for a walk around the block before my talk with Scott today.
Tuesday 21
It was a big mix of sun and rain today.  We went out for a walk around 4pm and stopped by Jan and Boyd's and watered.  I went for another walk and ran into Ken V who told me about rechargeable batteries.
Wednesday 22
Hb and I went for a walk after my core team meeting.  It started out raining but ended up kind of nice but very cold.
Thursday 23
After my meeting with Brent from SxT Hb and I headed out to go shopping.  We picked up a cheese cake at TJ's for Ildi's Pisces gathering this Saturday evening.  As we were leaving VC the snow was thick and heavy and hail / snow like.  For a second I was a bit nervous and when we came out of TJ's and we were driving home it started to clear so we headed over to Winco, our new favorite store.  Hb and I came home and put the groceries away and then we went out for a late afternoon walk in the cold, slightly windy air.  It was refreshing to be outside in this cold weather.  We came home and I scraped the ice and snow off the cars as it might stay clear and very cold overnight.
Friday 24
It was a cold sunny brilliant day today.  In the teens last night and tonight.  We got to Ken's house today at 2pm and Hb, Ken and I went for a long walk around his new hood just off 53rd.  We walked till about 4:30pm and then stopped off to get Hb a burrito at our burrito house.  Joanna was working today and she loaded us up with the salsa.
Saturday 25
Woke up and the sun was blasting through the window like the middle of summer.  Same story yesterday.  Its been a nice winter, but the river is down.  Today was tax day for me.  Didn't think I would finish and file today but it turned out by 1pm, I was done and the taxes were done and out the door.  By late this evening they were already accepted.  After lunch Hb and I went for a walk and no sooner got home then Ken V was at our door with a batter recharger for me.  I had seen him the other day and we discussed it and wouldn't you know he brought an old one by for me.  We have a good hood with great people.  He left and we walked over to Ildi's for the Pisces birthday party.  It was a great evening and we got home around 11pm.  It was a glorious night and not too cold or chilly.  We helped Ildi pack up her house and get everything back in order and were the last ones to leave and the first ones there as per usual.  Upon first arrival I saw Miko who is now a senior in high school and is going off to Europe this summer after graduation.
Sunday 26
In the morning we finished up and filed Hb taxes.  It went smoothly.  In the afternoon we went for a walk around the Lilly Park block.  It was cloudy, a bit cold, and a touch of rain was in the air.
Monday 27
We got up early and left for Salem by 9:30am.  It wasn't on our schedule to go but today was as good as any.  We went the back way to Skyline got in the door, got number 61 and was out of there in about 15 minutes mas o menos.  We drove to Albany and had a nice lunch at Rigoberto's then came home and stopped by TJ's and Grocery Outlet for lettuce.  It was a stormy, cloudy, with a bit of precipitation here and there.  I got out for a walk in the afternoon and had a nice talk with Michael in our spot in his parking lot.  We talked for awhile and then I meandered along to the Open Space and circled back on Deborah for the first time.  I had never walked down Goodnight to there.  Then I walked to the end of Thompson and went home.  Had a quick talk with Dad and we had some din din.  Can't believe March 01 is on Wednesday.  I noticed this morning at 6:30am that it was already light.  We are getting more light way earlier in the morning.
Tuesday 28
The last day of February was blase !  But Hb and I got a good walk in the afternoon and we did the Atwood loop and back around.  The light in the western sky is hanging around more and more and even Michael continues to tell me that spring is around the corner.


March 2023


Wednesday 01
Gorgeous day !  I sat outside during my nushell core team meeting.  Afterwards we went for a walk around the golf course and then hit the coop on the way home.  The weather all day was perfect.
Thursday 02
At around 12:45pm I headed over to Winco to do some shopping and then over to David's house just before 2pm.  We had a nice walk at Bald Hill.  There was some minor rain in the air but all in all a nice cold winter, cloudy day with specks of blue sky and sunshine.  We spoke to a Greenbelt Land Trust volunteer coordinator who told us more about what they are doing on that property.  They are an amazing organization.  Stay tuned !  Got home and Hb and I went out for another walk.   It was clearer and drier later in the day, and we had a nice walk.  In the evening, I had a nice talk with Dad.  He is doing well.
Friday 03
Mellow day at home.  Late in the day we went to the coop to get peas for tomorrow evening and Hb got some food for dinner.  We came home and Hb and I ate our meal and then we went out for a nice walk.  It was cold and very still to the tail end of the walk when the wind picked up a bit.  Winter is still with us, but of course there are signs that it is waning :)  
Saturday 04
Nice dinner at Pedro's of lamb with Hugh Russell, Lex, Mike and Kathy.  Hugh's bday is Nov 22, 1962.  It stopped raining and cleared just before we left the house at 4pm.  We were at Pedro's till just before 9:30pm.  We learned this evening that Peter is thinking of selling his property in Hawaii to purchase a home in Miner's Oaks in Ojai, Ca.  Earlier in the day I did a bunch of cooking.  No walk today as the weather was rainy before we left.
Sunday 05
Just before 2pm we walked over to Phoenix and Naj's house and had tea at their lovely home with Ken.  We then went for a walk around the park.  It was a cold day with some minor wind but all in all it was a nice walk.  When we got back to Crystal Lake we ran into Will so we did one more walk around the block with him and then we came back to our house and Hb made Will some coffee.  He also took a look at our heat pump hot water heater.  He stayed to just before 6pm and then we made dinner.  We had a very nice day.
Monday 06
For part of the day it was pretty sunny and nice.  Early in the morning I went for a walk around the block before my weekly monday morning meeting with Scott.  In the afternoon Hb and I went for a walk around the WL block.  It was sunny most of the walk till the very end when it started to cloud up.  We saw Yuri Liberzon at the Oddfellows Hall for the guitar society.
Tuesday 07
Hb and I went for a walk earlier in the day and it was absolutely lovely for a winter day.  It rained for a brief time and we got to hang out under the bus shelter right before the turn off to the lake on Bethel.  We then proceeded into the park and went along the muddy dirt path along the lake and cemetery side.  It was our first time on that dirt trail all winter and the mud level wasn't too bad.  We then cut across on the grass strip to the field and walked along the grass to the benches near the well pump.  We hung out there for awhile and then proceeded on down to the parking lot.  On our way home we ran into Crystal who had just gotten two new rabbits.  She was excited about that as well as meeting Digby's (her dogs) sister who lives in Coburg, Or.  Just when she was leaving us Kerry and Diane showed up so we walked with them over to their house.  They are doing well and it was great to see them.  I had my first group meeting with the Sl core team in the afternoon and then we went out in the evening and ran into Simone who wants to trim back the tree in the corner of our yard.
Wednesday 08
Sat outside for our nushell core team meeting today.  Finished up storing my tax documents and erased all mention of them.  So we are done with taxes.  Documents have been tucked away and the money has been paid to the organizations.
Thursday 09
So today was one of those rare days when we did not go for a walk.  We went over to OSU just before 5pm and parked for the first time in the lot next to Lasells.  The Sustainability Coalition event was well attended and we got there early and got some good food.  We then went into the room where Nick was playing and listened to some great classical guitar.  He is amazing !  At the end of the evening I got him some food and gave it to him when they took a song break.  Earlier in the day around 2pm Bina stopped by and stayed at our house for quite a while actually.  We had a nice visit with her and she got Hb a gift of a nice silk scarf along with some cake and her traditional candle.  It rained all day and so no walk was in store for us.
Friday 10
Hb and I went for a walk in the afternoon after we came home from shopping at the coop.  Along the way we saw Ashley and Luna.  And then ran into Bill (of Dev) and he told us about his disaster rental property story on the coast.  Silicon Valley Bank failed today just for a reference point of what is going on in the economy and interest rates fell based I guess on the jobs report.  Fun mambo jumbo which I usually don't put in here.
Saturday 11
We got a killer gorgeous sunny warm day today for March 11 and we took full advantage of it by driving down to Eugene around 11am.  We took the back roads namely River Road all the way to Eugene.  It was a lovely slow ride and we even crossed a low point and went through some water under the train bridge.  We got there and walked around the 5th street market for a bit; but before that hit the Elephant Baking Co.  That was a big disappointment for us.  The only thing worth buying there is the bread.  However Hb got a tiny blueberry muffin and I got a hamantaschen which was tiny as well.  Oh no, not a good purchase for $6 when the bread is $9 for a really good loaf of bread.  Oh well live and learn.  After that we went to our favorite Thai restaurant on 29th.  Now that place rocks and rolls.  We had a great meal and then we headed over to the cemetery we had never been to before called Resthaven Memorial Park off Willamette and 39th.  Now this is a great spot to hang out.  We left Eugene and it was still nice out and we got to Harrisburg with about 30 minutes till sunset.  The sun is setting at around 7:05pm tomorrow evening.  Daylight savings starts in the morning.
Sunday 12
At 2:30pm we had a call with Dad, Iris, and Larry for Hb's birthday.  It was great to get us all together.  Afterwards we had our left over Thai food and then around 5:30pm we went out for a long walk around WL.  It was our first time out for DLSavings and it was really nice to be out past 7pm with plenty of light.  Spring is finally here (at least from that point of view)
Monday 13
Erica our neighbor at the end of our street who bought her house last summer and had a super fantastic Halloween party is moving in with her boyfriend who lives on Mary near Jaffer and she is 5 months pregnant and having a baby girl.  She had an ultrasound the other day and gave us all of the details.  She is sad she is leaving southtown but excited to be on to her next adventure.  Erica is from the Greensburg, Pa area I learned today for the first time.  She is 43 and was probably born in 1979.  She moved out to Or when she was 20 and went to OSU.  She was a math teacher at both high schools here in Corvallis and she went to Oregon in Eugene and got a degree in counseling.  She is now a counselor and switched careers a few years back.  We picked up a few chairs on Park in front of the big house with the big tree.  We went back home, got the car and then drove back and got the chairs.  It is now staying light out past 7:30pm.  In fact tonight was clear to the west and at 7:30pm there was still a touch of light in the western sky.  We absolutely love this time of year.
Tuesday 14
Around 11:30pm we headed out and did a major shopping trip along with getting 4 x 12 soaps at Walmart and printing out our semiannual car insurance paper work at Officemax.  Came home and did some stuff around the house, ate a nice lunch had a 45 minutes talk with Yijie Shen.  Then Hb and I went for a walk around the block, I spoke to Dad for the first time sitting outside at about 6:30pm.  Daylight savings kicked in the other night so this was my first opportunity to sit outside and talk to him.  I also did trash and got things a bit tidied up.
Wednesday 15
After my meeting I went out and stopped by the bottle refund dispensary and then went to VC for carrots and then on to buy gas for the first time this year.  We had a great walk in the evening around the park.  We got home just at sunset which is now just after 7:30pm.  We love spring time in Oregon :) 
Thursday 16
I cut the grass today and the high was 61 degrees.  Today was the warmest day of the year so far.  Hb and I went for a walk after cutting the grass.  Earlier in the day I made turkey and it was a yummy meal :)  We love it when the weather is nice.  The lawn mower started right up on the first pull.  Now that is the way I like it.
Friday 17
A glorious St. Patty's day was had by all.  The morning was sunny, and warm and I was singing along all fat and happy.  Cooked for Jaffer's visit at 1pm.  He came by and we had a nice spiritual talk about life, death and everything in between.  It had been a long time since Jaffer came by here for a meal.  Like since before Covid for sure.  It was great to spend time with him.  Then just as we were about to go out for a walk came showed up and we walked with us around the big WL block.  The day was not cold, cloudy in the afternoon by very pleasant.
Saturday 18
Great day on the farm.  Massive weeding effort in the driveway garlic bed plus Hb got out there and kicked some butt on the west sidewalk garden beds.  Earlier we went to Market of Choice for a Hb lunch along with a big ol fat peanut butter bar with chocolate on top which does not make me feel good :)  Earlier I had a nice talk with Pedro who is heading out to Sacramento for his sister's daughters wedding as well as thinking of selling Hawaii and buying a place in Ojai.  At almost dark Hb and I went for a walk around the block post working outside and a nice talk with Steve who was heading out for an evening bike ride.
Sunday 19
Today was a big day.  We left the house at noon and was at OSU sitting in the Community Hall by 12:30.  The concert was lovely and was well attended.  We were the first ones there, but they did not let us into until 1pm.  Cameron did a great job per usual and we sat right behind Jonathan Sharpe who sent us the email and is the president of the guitar society.  Afterwards for the first time we went to McNary Dining Hall and had a salad which was yummy.  Thanks to Will for turning us on to this venue.  We will be going back there.  Onwards to the Tuesday market and Valerie's cookie.  We hung out for awhile with Michael and Leaf and the rest of the crew.  Afterwards at home we had a bit more food and then I went outside and weeded the west garlic bed.  Its the first time I ever tidied up all 3 garlic beds in two days and got them clean as a whistle.  I went for a walk around the block and then Hb and I did a second loop.  It was foggy, misty and slightly rainy all day but we love Oregon :)  
Monday 20
Mellow day at home.  We had a short lovely walk around the block.  It started out cold but ended up very nice.  We love walking; it makes our whole day.
Tuesday 21
Around 1pm we went for a walk into the park with Jan.  We ran into her right out of the gate and we had a lovely journey.  The day was sunny warm thus glorious.  I got back just before 3pm and we had our weekly SL meeting.  Another short walk around the block in the evening.  On our way home with Jan we met a friend of Maggie and Jeremy's in front of Patrick and Mindy's old house.  Their friend from Sun Valley, ID was in town and he was born and raised in Brazil so I shared with him my Spanish poem "Vengo de un mundo tan viejo"
Wednesday 22
Mellow day, walk around the Lincoln School block in the evening.  Walks always make us feel good :)  
Thursday 23
Super awesome talk by Christopher Preston on Tenacious Beasts at the library.  Talk started at 5:30pm.  Afterwards we spoke to Peter Stoel and Karen Josephson about Costa Rica, Ecuador and life in general.  We then went to TJ's and the Grocery Outlet.  Both stores we learned are open until 9pm.  We were there before 7:30pm and got home just before dark this time of year.  I went for 2 loops around the block and it rained at the very end.
Friday 24
It was a cold rainy day for the most part but we got out late for a short walk around the block, per usual.
Saturday 25
The day started out real crappy from a weather point of view but by the time we started heading out to have lunch at market of choice it got nice and sunny and COLD, in the low 40's.  We had a nice lunch upstairs per usual and then we went over to Winco and then a nice walk in the hood next to Winco.  We came home, made some dinner and then I called Dad on the phone and walked around the block with Hb.  We talked to our friend on Ryan who fixes cars and races his car around the block.  He picks up cars on the weekends in Portland and gets time and a half which put a big smile on his face :)  
Sunday 26
Worked all day but got my shit working for porting over the Flight client to schnapslatte.  At around 7pm we went over to Kathy Miller's house for a big birthday bash for Jaffer.  It was a very nice evening and we were there till 11pm.  I had a nice talk with Will, Michael, Amy who had just returned from a 2 month voyage to India as her daughter Riva got married.  She went to the Taj Mahal et al.  Jaffer is 78 and feeling great :)  
Monday 27
Kathy Miller came over to have her hair cut and I went out for a nice walk around the WL short block.  It was kind of raining or drizzling a bit towards the end of the walk.
Tuesday 28
Great walk after my 3pm meeting.  We took the 2nd entrance of of Smith Loop and then parked and headed south on Lakeside Drive for the 1st time.  In the evening I had a long talk with Pedro.  He just got back from his sister's daughters wedding in Sacramento.  It was his first road trip in his new van we purchased a few months back.
Wednesday 29
It was a very nice sunny day !  I had my core team meeting with Nushell and then we had some lunch and Amy came by to go over how google photos works.  After that Hb and I went out for a short walk and I talked to Dad briefly.  I landed my first PR today with spacetime in the schnapslatte code base in working with Brent.
Thursday 30
I cut the grass today.  It had been 2 weeks.  It looked like it was going to rain but the grass was dry luckily and so I dodged a bullet and got the grass cut.  Looks like the next number of days have potential for rain so it was good to get it done.  Will probably need to do it one more time prior to our upcoming journey in about 10 days mas o menos.
Friday 31
Banging my head against the wall in the morning on why the legacy flight client is not working against SL.  I finally get on the phone with Brent and he says it is a server bug.  So I am partially relieved.  Hb and I go to the coop and the burrito store for some Hb lunch.  I come home and go for a walk before the rains come later in the afternoon.  I got Datagrip working with the correct jdbc string.


April 2023


Saturday 01
We did our sheets in the morning and in the afternoon we went to the Market of Choice for lunch.  This is our 2nd week in a row that we have gone here.  Afterwards we hit Winco and TJ's.  The evening we went for a walk and the weather was sunny and chilly.  I had a nice talk with Dad who is suffering from a cold.
Sunday 02
A lot of quiet stuff happened today which I will not elucidate on here but suffice it to say we are learning a lot about life.  The thing I can say is that we made a reservation to go to Ashland next Sunday and the weather forecast for the following week looks very promising which means our patience may have paid off by waiting until a clear in the storm works.
Monday 03
We love going to the Corvallis Guitar Society's monthly meetings and tonight was fantastic.  The end was a husband and wife team Leah on Cello and her husband Issac on guitar along with another friend who read poetry.  We walked over to the library before we went upstairs to Oddfellows.  Earlier in the day I went for a walk around the block early in the morning prior to my call with Scott.  I also had a talk with Brent in the morning as well.
Tuesday 04
Today turned out to be a pretty good day.  Dad is feeling better, does not have covid and only a cold.  Hb and I had lovely walk late in the day around the WL loop.  It was our first time out here this week as we have mainly been going for short walks around the block.  I started preparing for our journey this weekend as well as getting confirmation back from the Ashland Springs Hotel that we got a discount on our room regarding an ad I saw on a different web site.  So we got lucky here.
Wednesday 05
The day started out with Andrew Lamb's third talk on datafusion.  In the afternoon I cut the grass in preparation for our departure to Ashland on Sunday morning.  Afterwards I went for a walk around the block and ran into Michael and Plumber Dave so we had a chat for awhile.  It was drizzling most of the time on the walk.  I cut the grass just before it started raining so it was actually pretty dry prior to cutting it.  That was not the case later in the day as it was totally soaken wet now and probably for the next number of days.
Thursday 06
Started packing today.  It was a very wet day.  But I did get a walk around the block in the morning which was nice.
Friday 07
Hb and I had a nice walk around WL in the afternoon.  At the end of our walk we had a nice chat with John on Marion who is married to Linda (on the phone) whose Mom's name is Jill.  Earlier in the day I swung by Hb's bank and then on to the coop to pick up some lunch for Hb.  She stayed home and took a nap.
Saturday 08
It was a sweet day capped off with a lovely evening walk in the spring weather around our block.  Being outside made me feel good.  Earlier we went over to OSU for a 3pm art show at LaSells.  Hb and I parked in our new favorite spot and then walked around the campus before arriving right on time at 3pm.  Will showed up shortly after and we had a nice meal and chat with him.  We also learned today from Tina that she may be retiring in the autumn.  I told her how much she will be missed and no one could replace her.  Had a nice talk with Dad this evening as well.  He is enjoying his book on McKeesport and the demise of the steel industry in the Mon-Yough valley in the late 70's and early 80's.  He is loving the book, probably more so than most of recent.
Sunday 09
I was up before 6am and Hb got up just before 7am.  We were out of the house at 9am.  It rained a bit before we left and we got a bit damp but nothing major.  The morning was flawless and we got out of the house with no issue or peeps.  We hit the usual stops along the way.  Hit both rest stops and had a touch of lunch at exit 99 at the gas station / store and then had a really nice lunch in Phoenix at our mexican restaurant.  The fajitas are now $18.99 which is a healthy bump from the special price of years ago but their home made tortillas, salsa bar, and overall ambiance could not be beat.  I am surprised they were open on Easter Day.  Hb got her coffee in Junction City at Safeway and that is how we were reminded today was Easter.  We arrived at the hotel and got a view room on the 9th floor looking south.  We have never had a room up on the top deck.  But its nice and we went out for a walk to the coop for a cookie and then walked south on A street and saw the display of T-shirts on the fence adjacent to the railroad tracks of all of the black people who have died from police violence.  T-shirts with their names on them adorned the fence and a young girl was putting up flowers and trimming back the black berries.  We sat on the bench in the park for awhile and spoke to Jason.  The weather was in the low 60's.  It was cloudy but very still and very quiet and peaceful. We love Ashland.
Monday 10
We awoke to some incredibly gorgeous sun shine which blasted upon us all morning long in our room.  It was a continual stream of light, and heat that I had not felt all winter long.  I was actually warm just sitting in the sun here in our lap of luxury in Ashland.  At around noon or later Hb and I headed out for a walk in Lithia Park.  We sat around the park for awhile and watched the kids play in the park.  Lots of moms, dads, and babies all running around enjoying the mid 70's.  We then proceeded on ward and ran into a lady who told us to check out the Japanese garden.  Turns out when we got there we learned from the docent who is a nativo de Columbia that a benefactor gave the City of Ashland over 1M for this renovation project after his wife died.  They had been regularly visiting the Japanese garden for years prior to her death and he felt this was a nice way to honor her memory.  We then spoke to a park worker about a new issue that is arising about Ashland public parks.  We got our lunch at the coop and came back to the hotel to have a nice lunch.  In the afternoon Hb went shopping and I had long talks with Nick and Gabe Booth.  I had not spoken to Gabe in a long time so it was great to get caught up with him.
Tuesday 11
Today was surprisingly sunny when we awoke even though it was raining a lot earlier last evening.  The day was nice and chilly.  At around noon we headed out and parked on Clay Street at the Clay Street Park.  We walked through the park up to 99 and then back down the next street and across through the cemetery down towards Main on Normal Ave.  Afterwards we hit the Shop and Kart grocery store and got some soup and other lunch items and then headed back to the hotel for lunch.  After lunch we headed back out for the late afternoon stroll.  It was chilly but not too bad.  We walked over to our old house on Bush St.  then circled back up Granite and saw our house on the right side for 4M.  The lady across the street told us the price.  She wasn't very friendly but she fixed her house up across the street.
Wednesday 12
We walked in the evening and it was snowing big flakes.  That subsided and the sun came out and we walked all the way down Main for the first time.  Earlier we walked along 99 towards SOU and then back around to the coop.  We stopped along the way and sat down on a bench for awhile and then the cold wind picked up for a bit.  At the end of the evening we made a reservation to stay at the Strawberry Valley Inn for 2 nights starting on Friday night.
Thursday 13
Our big walk in the wilderness at our favorite spot in the National Monument.  Upon arrival a young mother showed up with her 2 month baby and a dog.  She spent time in Alpena, Mi of all places.  Hb and I walked a long way up the hill.  It was the furthest we had ever walked.  As always we saw lots of Madrones.  We came back to the car and hung out for awhile.  Hb sat on our car chair that we found in southtown some where.  We then came back and I bought soup at shop and kart, then we bought gas for the 1st time at Astros whose gas is 10 cents lower than arco.  Hb got Thai food across the street from the hotel and we had a super big lunch.  In the evening we went for a walk in Lithia park to end our evening walks and the final full day of our trip.
Friday 14
Great drive to Mt. Shasta, sunny and warm.  We stopped off at an alfalfa field and walked along the gravel path.  Some men stopped us in their cart, but then let us pass and we had a lovely walk.  It was gorgeous !  We then went up to the top of Mt. Shasta.  There was so much snow that it was too much.  There was like 20 feet of snow.  Wow !  We took some pictures walked around a bit and then headed back into town.  We checked in to our place and had some lunch.  We then went out for a nice walk around town and got a gluten free cookie for $4.60.  I bought another loaf of cinamon raisin bread at the coop store and then headed back home to the Strawberry Valley Inn.  We have a nice room that is super big.  We got the same room as last time.  Room Number Six.
Saturday 15
Super fantastic day at Lake McCloud.  We walked into the restaurant in McCloud looking for the rail trail and met some folks who steered us to the lake.  Great job !  At first I was slightly dismayed, but once we got out of the car and started walking around it all turned todo bien !  The weather was sunny and warm and no jacket or hats required.  We walked both ways and by the end we were real tired out.  Headed back into town and checked out Shasta View Lodge.  Place is nice and prices are reasonable with a $100 cleaning fee.  Back into Mt. Shasta and we bought a baked chicken and potato salad and we headed back to the room for lunch.  Then we went back out and went for a walk into town and walked around the whole town again.  Just like yesterday we got a big walk in and had a grand ol time in Mt. Shasta.  On the way home we bought some dates for $2.50 at the Coop and then walked home and packed up the car.
Sunday 16
Left at 9:15am and stopped off in Hat Creek at our usual spot for a nice walk and talk about our lives at this moment in time.  This year our talk will be known as the Hat Creek conversation.  We then drove non-stop with no stops all the way to Carson City and was at our place just before the clock struck 3pm.  Kimberly was just getting off work and Maryanne checked us in.  We got our old room back room number 524.  We had a nice late lunch at the Black Bear diner.  We each had our favorite salads.  I spoke to Dad and then we went out for a nice walk around the block.  The hood is still beautiful.  Quiet, lovely, quaint and our favorite second home in life.
Monday 17
Major food shopping day along with paying our Costco bill for Luke and Ashley of $60.  In the evening I went for a walk for the first time up the steep path at the end of 5th and around over to Kings.  It was a warm day but windy in the mid to high 50's.
Tuesday 18
Today was the coldest day of the trip in Carson City.  Hb and I went out around 1pm for a Hb lunch and a buy one get one free ice cream.  Then we came back and I had my work meeting and then we went back out and got Pad Thai at the Vietnamese restaurant and fried rice at the chinese restaurant.  Came home and had dinner and went back out for a short walk as it was pretty cold outside.
Wednesday 19
I was not going to go to the nushell core team meeting but after a brief interlude with JT this morning on columnar data structures in nu I decided to go.  Hb and I did our usual hour walk prior to the meeting and then I attended.  Afterwards we hung out for awhile and then we went over to our favorite mexican restaurant in Nv called the San Marcos Cafe which is in the same shopping center on Winnie as our favorite San Salvadoran restaurant.  Afterwards we swung by the 99cent store and came home and went for a very short walk.
Thursday 20
At around 1pm we went out for a great walk along the Carson River.  The weather was perfect in the mid 60's and Hb and I were in hog heaven in total meditation.  When I got to the dam I took off my socks and shoes and my long pants and just wore my shorts back home.  It was the first time this year in shorts.  We got back to the car and had a nice big apple and then went back to the hotel and had our killer salad for dinner.  After dinner we went out on another walk past the governor's mansion and I came home and talked to Dad.  He read me an article about Georgia O'Keeefe.
Friday 21
I hemmed and hawed yesterday about what to do and how long to stay and this morning I pulled the trigger and Kimberly signed us up for two more weeks through Cinco de Mayo which is two Friday's from today.  So we are all set.  In the afternoon Hb went and got some soup at the soup place and then we walked into a gallery run by Charles A Blim, check it out for more details.  We had a long talk with him.  He is from Sacramento and Michele and he talked for awhile about the good ol days back there.  Then we went across the street to the Golden Nugget, and walked around and went to the bathroom.  Then we walked around some more and went into the Visitor's Center where we met Linda who has been here forty years.  She moved up here from Bishop, Ca.  She said there were big piles of snow here in Carson all winter long until just a little while ago.  She said it started snowing around Christmas time and never stopped and never melted.  She told us all sorts of stuff about the town and downtown area.  We then went over to our favorite Chinese restaurant and got fried rice and Rice noodles.  Yummy !
Saturday 22
It was the first annual Mark Twain days and we had fun.  We started out with big conversations with the curator of the Brewery Arts center.  He was from Portland and moved down here and he was all dressed up.  Then we went over for a big group shot.  Everyone had on mustaches and they took everyones picture.  We sat around in the sun for awhile and then went back to the hotel and had our salad and Hb had salmon and ice cream !  It was a gorgeous sunny day in the high 60's low 70's.  We chose not to go out in the evening and we even took naps after our big meal downstairs which is a rarity. 
Sunday 23
Kicked the day off with an email to E.  Hb and I headed over to Target late in the morning and Hb bought a pair of shorts for our adventure here as its going to get warm this week.  We went to wmt and Tj's and then back home.  Hung for a while then got our Salvadoran food.  In the evening we walked over to the new housing development just north of here that was a beautiful field last time we were here but we knew the fate at that time.  The time before I wondered what was going to happen.  The houses are being built as we speak and my diatribe on this topic was spun in a positive light by Hb (per usual, that is why I love her).  Coincidentally jgutman sent me a similar email when I got home.
Monday 24
We went over to the mexican la tienda for lunch, the one next to grocery outlet.  We had one pound of refried beans, eight tortillas, and the salsa bar.  We then got some stuff at grocery outlet and took it back to our hotel, had a snack, and then went for our first walk at the end of King in the retirement development.  We walk here all the time, love it, but had not been over there yet so it was fun to check it out.  Came home and chilled out for awhile, I talked to Dad and then we got french fries downstairs along with a salad.  We were happy !
Tuesday 25
Long talk with Pedro in the morning.  Then Hb and I went over to a Thrift store just north of Long St. on the east side of Carson.  We left the car there and walked over to Mills Park and the aquatic center.  It was our first time walking in Mills.  From there we swung back around and stopped off at the Hardman House Hotel and met Regina who is from the Philippines.  After that we went over to the San Marcos Grill.  It was our 2nd time there on this trip.  Came home, did some work and then went back out for a nice walk.
Wednesday 26
Great day !  It was sunny and warm and we did our laundry at our favorite laundry mat.  We had our noodles and fried rice and then went down to the plaza to listen to some music.  We ran into Kimberly the woman who owns and runs the ice cream store.  She is very nice.  It was a nice warm evening in Carson and we enjoyed being outside listening to some music.
Thursday 27
Today was possibly the best day of the trip.  Left early for Virginia City and our first stop was on the side of the road heading up there and we ran into some motocross bikers who were setting up for a big course this weekend.  Turns out there are going to be thousands of folks hanging out in Virginia City this weekend for the event so coming up on Thursday was the ticket.  We found a great spot to eat lunch at the Vcity Jerky Co at the one end of town.  Ice cream at the Fudge Co of 50 years.  Walked around some and then headed down the hill to Dayton on Six Mile Canyon Rd.  We cruised through town and back over to our favorite spot on the Carson River where we had our first spiritual ceremony of the trip.  We ended up hanging out by the river and sitting on the sand or beach of the river.  We took off our shoes and sat for a long while.  The temps were perfect around 80 or so and by evening we were at a pleasurable perfect climate.  On our way home we stopped off at the Salvadoran restaurant and then came home for our salad and our meal which included some left over fried rice from last evening.
Friday 28
We spent the day today down in Genoa and had a very nice lunch at the Pink House.  Its the same place we ate last time we were down there.  This trip there we walked around the hoods more and drove around the Genoa Lake resort and golf course.  We also went for a walk at the top of the valley in a development of 2 acre lots that will set you back almost 900k just for the dirt.  It was another gorgeous day in the Carson Valley with temps topping out at around 80 degrees.
Saturday 29
It was a warm day but not too bad actually.  We had a nice lunch for the first time at the mexican restaurant just north of long on carson adjacent to the thrift store.  Their tortillas are the best.  Home made just the way I like it with some beans.  Hb had a Hawaiin taco.  Afterwards we walked west on Long until the end.  Layed down in the grass at the park at the end of that street.  It was so warm today that we could lay in the grass in the shade of the tree and be perfectly comfortable.  Afterwards we went over to Grocery Outlet for some bananas and raisins.
Sunday 30
Today is our final day in Carson City and it was a good one.  We bought some coolant for the car which was over $20.  We did not shop around for it, or look for a smaller bottle.  We just bought the big one and moved on.  Sometimes its just easier to deal with the issue and keep going.  We stopped at an old car dealer whose name was Eric and he gave me some advice and said just buy a gallon of coolant.  At the end of the talk he said make sure you get the right kind of coolant and wouldn't you know when I walked into AutoZone the guy said you want the twenty dollar coolant and not the ten dollar coolant.  The leftover coolant bucket was empty.  I had actually never opened the coolant main compartment in the almost seven years we have owned the car.  I wonder if that is the first time the coolant was ever added ?  Who knows but that is my coolant story.  We topped off the gas tank and then went back to the Mexican restaurant we went to yesterday called Antojitos La Jefa.  We then got our final round of chicken fried rice and the rice noodles with chicken from our favorite chinese restaurant called Yang's.  We went home, had a lovely meal, had some extra food for the road trip tomorrow and went out for our final walk of the trip.  It was an incredible journey.  We have been gone from home exactly 3 weeks today and we arrived in Carson City two weeks ago.  The main reason we are leaving is the weather is turning cold and rainy on Tuesday.  So we are getting a head start on the weather and we are planning to spend tomorrow evening in Klamath Falls at the Cimmaron Inn and Suites. 


May 2023


Monday 01
We left Carson City at 8:08am and was at the Courthouse Cafe around 11am. Now that place is yummy.  We stopped just south of Tulelake at a a forest service road to Tionesta and we were looking at Mt. Hoffman at el 7913.  We stayed at the Cimarron Inn in Klamath Falls and got room 103.  It turned out to be a very nice room.  We had leftover chicken fried rice from the Sunday night along with a salad and avocado we bought at Walmart upon one of the first days arriving in Carson. 
Tuesday 02
We were up most of the night because Hb got candy at the Natural Grocers late in the day.  We finally went to sleep after 4pm and we were up after 7pm.  It was literally pouring down rain in the morning in Klamath Falls.  Hb went over to get some coffee and I waited around for the lady outside my window to finally take off.  Around that moment the rain started letting up a bit and by the time we left it was mellow outside.  I didn't shut off the engine until we got to the turn off road right before Oakridge.  I found that out because a message flashed telling me I had not turned off the engine in over two hours.  From there we drove to Sundance in Eugene and got some real yummy food.  We ate a bit of it there and then stopped off for gas in Junction City and then got home.  I took the car for a big ride down to Smith Loop.  The sun was blasting and by the time the evening rolled along it was over 60 degrees.  I had a nice talk with Jay and Anna who updated me on what was up in the hood the past month.  Hb and I walked over to the Tuesday market at 7pm and talked to Ken for awhile.  We walked him down to the lower land at Renee's and then went home.  I had a quick chat with Dad just prior.
Wednesday 03
Ken came over around 1pm to hang out for a bit.  He just stopped by and I was just about ready to cut the grass but decided to talk to him for awhile.  We saw him last evening at the Tuesday market tambien.  After he left I cut most of the grass then went over to buy some new gas for the mower and I went to Grocery outlet for some greens.  Came back and I spoke to Simone about the tree and we decided I would pay her $375 so I went home and got the cash and it was a done deal.  The tree should be trimmed on her side fairly soon.  I finished up mowing the back yard and that was it for the day.
Thursday 04
It was raining in the morning but we still hit the post office to pick up Hb's new passport which has been sitting in the PO since a few days after we left home.  We also hit the coop for some Hb staples.  In the late afternoon we went for a walk around the block and met Linda who lives next to the new, what we learned to be affordable housing development on Bell Extension.  Came home, spoke to Dad who is doing an introduction for Robert who is going to talk about buying back Levin's furniture at Dad's investment group on Saturday.  Then I cleaned out the garage :) 
Friday 05
Like clock work at 4:07am I got the news.  It was one of those UI days and although I assessed the release as moderately ok, the market was not happy in the least bit; and has not been happy for weeks now.  So as per (almost) always the "market was right".  The day turned out to be not great.  In the late afternoon we went for a walk around the block and stopped off at Jorge and Katherines on the corner across from Coho and had a nice chat with them.  It was cold today, we like Carson City weather where it is much warmer for the most part, at least the time we were there the past couple of weeks.
Saturday 06
Great walk over at the hazelnut orchard on kiger island.  It was our first time walking in the orchard across the street from kiger island blues.  Earlier in the day we went to our first outdoor farmer's market of the year.  We saw Bina.
Sunday 07
Arts center plant sale.  Serina was dressed up as a clown and we got some good pictures with her.  We saw Gary and Linda House and spent a lot of time talking to Will.  The last time we saw him was at Lasell's on Saturday April 8 the day before we went to Carson City.
Monday 08
It was kind of a cold rainy day, but Hb and I got out for our walk anyway and got home and had a nice dinner of apples, kiwi, and orange salad with some fresh butter nut squash and baked potatoes I made this morning along with doing our laundry.
Tuesday 09
Tuesday market was rock and roll.  The weather was warm and sunny and we got there early and stayed late and had fun.  Phoenix went to play cards so we hung out with Prem and Cedar who is back in town.  Also saw Craig today for a bit which was good.
Wednesday 10
Late in the morning I went over to Russell's for the first time this year.  Day 1 was massive thistle removal.  In the afternoon Hb and I did our first walk down to the river through the woods in the park.  Afterwards we swung by Renee's and dropped off $2 for Anna as she bought Hb a cookie yesterday.  We ran into Leaf who we talked to for awhile and Joe came by with his dog.
Thursday 11
We had a big day.  The tree guys arrived early and they did the tree next to the shed to appease our neighbor Simone.  Luckily, it was uneventful.  Aaron came by as well to prune back the west hazelnut.  After that all ended Hb and I went to Winco and TJ's and then came home and cleaned up the debris and branches that had fallen and swept along from the dragging of the dead and cut branches.  Hb and I went on a short walk to the end of the street and ran into Celia who we spoke to for quite a while.  Pablo is finally gone and she could not be happier on her spiritual journey.  She understands where she is at and how to move forward with the new situation.  It was great to see her in such high spirits.  We then ran into Will walking home so he stopped by and stayed at our house till about 10pm.  At the very beginning of the day I had a very intense and meaningful conversation with John Gutman.  We got a bunch of things done today and it was very helpful for me to be able to speak with John.  He and I have a great connection and I consider him to be one of my closest friends tambien.  I also connected today with Jerry as it is his birthday.  I sent him off an email and he actually responded very quickly.  It was a bonus and icing on the cake for the day :)  
Friday 12
In the morning I completed the thistle removal at Russell's and then came home and cut the grass.  In the afternoon Hb and I went to our bench in the park at the ultimate spot.  It was our first time there this summer and clearly our summer hang out spot.  Afterwards we swung by Jorge and Katherine's after doing a big walk through the cemetery.  We met Liz who had on a pink New Orleans shirt who was born and raised in Missoula, MT and Sawyer's mom and Sawyer.  Sawyer is one year and 4 months born on January 14, 2022.  We had fun hanging out with him.  He is the cutest little baby we have ever seen as well as very happy and smart.  It made our day as it had been a bit rocky especially because I learned just before going on the walk that Brent was pulled off SL and back to the V1 project.
Saturday 13
Great day at the Farmer's market.  We had a long talk with Luke who was in New Zealand this winter for one month.  Afterwards we sat at the fountain which is not turned on yet.  On the way home we stopped off at the coop.  Hb cut my hair in the afternoon for the first time this year.  We love summer especially when we have hot days in May.  Hb and I went for a walk around the WL and park block and on the way home we swung by 2525 SE Thompson and noticed the Foreclosure listing on the front door of the property.  I wrote down all of the details and Steve who lives across the street with the 2 dogs was checking me out so I went over there and told him what was up with the property.
Sunday 14
Great day out at Thyme garden.  We left the house around 8:30am and hung out in a hazelnut orchard for awhile at the beginning of Decker Rd.  Hb was a bit chilly so she got warmed up in the sun.  We then headed over to Thyme garden and were one of the first folks there.  We found a great parking spot and then did a big walk on the back road all the way to the highway.  We came back and started the day off with our spiritual journey work and then listened to Amy's band on the marimba's crank for quite a while.  They were great !  About that time we were ready for lunch and waited in line for about 1/2 hour and got a yummy meal.  We found a nice table with some cool people and then I went back to the car to get the cooler of food I made tambien.  So we had their food and our food and we were happy.  The folks we sat with were sweet and they had two boys in their early 20's.  Their first time to Thyme garden was when the boys were 3.  Rolf, the owner of Thyme garden told me that the only way the festival could grow was if Starker Forest gave them the back door road permission.  Once that landed they were then able to accommodate the 600 people they had yesterday and the 1000 people they had today.  The weather was 90 and perfect.  We hung out some with Peter and Karen whose son in law is Andrew Milicent.  So we had fun talking with them.  We also had a nice chat with some folks we just met there.  The day was a big score.  We also spoke to Praveen who is Amy's daughter Reva son.  He is from India and works on Analog circuitry.  He is a cool guy.
Monday 15
It was a hot one during the day but cooled off a bunch in the evening.  We pulled out the hoses and watered for the first time this year.
Tuesday 16
I left at 10:30am and got to the dentist early.  I talked to Odessa and then went out for a short walk.  Jenny did a good job cleaning my teeth.  In the afternoon Hb and I went for a walk down to our "office" which is for future reference our "bench" in the park on hole 14 on the frisbee golf course.  Its the bench in memorial to two young people who passed on the same day.  The Tuesday market was a big hit as always.  We saw Erica who told us dogbone was moving to Corvallis.  We also learned the name of Keene's new boy and it is something like Davna which is an Israeli name for...
Wednesday 17
We went for a walk around the block before my 1pm nushell meeting.  After the meeting we went over to Market of Choice for a mellow lunch.  It was our first time there since we got back from Carson.  We did another walk in the early evening and ran into Joe (girl) who lives next to Joe and Deb on the corner of Crystal Lake and Alexander.
Thursday 18
Another gorgeous day in paradise.  We hung out all day and around 4pm went over to OSU for a talk at 5:30pm on neutrinos.  There was a lovely reception prior and the talk by Dr. Heidi Schellman was excellent.  We parked at our normal spot and had a nice walk there and back at the end of the evening.  It was a tad bit chilly on the way back to the car but not too bad.
Friday 19
I landed my dataframe PR in the late morning.  Hb and I did a walk at the top of the hill on the way to Bina's house on Brooklane.  We walked along a row of hedges and out into a big field and then along the grass line across and up via a driveway.  Then we went over to Nichol's nursery around 3pm to get some cucumber seeds.  Afterwards we walked around Philomath north of 12th street.  The we hit Winco and the North coop and came home.  I had a nice talk with Dad in the evening.
Saturday 20
Pow wow at OSU at noon.  We sat with Van and saw Gary and Linda tambien.  We had a nice lunch at Arnold dining hall for the first time along with a big yummy salad.  We saw Amy there and talked to her for awhile about Reva and Praveen who we saw last weekend at Thyme garden.  They are thinking of buying a home in WL.  Came home and cut the grass and then started moving dirt from Shannon and Jason's yard.  I saw Shannon outside and she asked me if I wanted the dirt.  A few months back they dug up their yard and I asked them if I could have the dirt.
Sunday 21
Pedro came over in the morning for the first time this spring we tried to have a gathering with Mike and Kathy tambien but Mike's mom has some health issues so only Pedro showed up.  Afterwards we did part I of the blueberries at Russel's.  I transplanted one plant today and the rest got thrown in the dumpster.  I also moved more dirt from Jason's.
Monday 22
Completed the Russell blueberry project.  It is done and the row is clean.  Also had a talk with Rand this morning tambien.  I spoke to Sima a few days back.  I transplanted two more blueberry plants so we now have a total of three blueberry plants from Russell's row of blueberries.  I moved some more Jason dirt and put that into the blueberries and then watered the blueberry's deeply to see if they will survive.
Tuesday 23
Russell gave me the green light to plant in the blueberry bed we completed yesterday so I hauled back to big yellow recycling bucket fulls of leaves and debris from my garden bed at his house.  tuesday market was chilly and I asked everyone there I knew if they knew of any lawyers.  renee was there and we hung out with her for awhile.  anna came over in the morning and returned the $20 dollars I lent her at thyme garden.
Wednesday 24
Mellow day.  After my core team meeting we went for a walk around TJ's and VC and then we stopped by TJ's on the way home.  I had my first cold call this morning with a lawyer but they did not call me back :) this might be an interesting journey on this front.
Thursday 25
This was Tina's last art show and it was incredible.  We even got the poster.  David Mayfield and Lottie were there along with Will, Jim and our neighbor Hester.  Earlier I got lots more done at Russell's.  One more day of work and I should be able to plant the north bed as I started working the garden from the north and this year I have even more space with the blueberry bed tambien.
Friday 26
In the late morning I watered the front yard and the side yard.  Hb watered the back yard.  Cooked turkey and Valerie's Tuesday market dish.  Hb and I went for a short walk around the block in the evening.  In the early morning I spoke to Liz and in the afternoon I had a nice long talk with Bruce Norman and Dad in the evening.
Saturday 27
Farmer's market at our usual time.  Then in the afternoon I got the first round of cucumbers and winter squash in the ground.  It was a gorgeous day, not too hot but perfect and pretty sunny.  Tal and Russell were there doing some roto-tilling.  Hb showed up at the end of my tenure and we drove home together.  We walked up there initially and Hb spoke to Russell and Tal tambien.  In the evening we went to Ildi's 60th birthday party.  It was a beautiful evening.  Dhara just moved into HUD housing and she is excited about that.  Jack got back in town yesterday from Tucson so it was great to see him tambien.  We had a nice talk with Will, Dhara, Byron.  I also met Erica's partner.  She is having her baby in 2 months.  What a life !
Sunday 28
It was another gorgeous day.  We had a call with Sharon and Liz at noon.  I did some cooking for the potluck and late in the afternoon I moved some dirt from Jason's driveway bed over to the side yard for the first garden bed there.   I did a quick mow of the lawn earlier.  At 6pm we went to Coho for a potluck.  We sat across from Reva and Amy.  Afterwards we walked home, spoke to Will and Kathy and then went to Russell's for a bit for his campfire and popcorn.
Monday 29
We walked over to our bench in the park on the disc golf field.  Then we walked over to the docks and had a long talk with Yawn.  We saw him last night at Russells but today we had a good talk.
Tuesday 30
Great Tuesday market !  Finally got Hodawn's name down and her husband Ethan who have a place in Costa Rica.  Helen's grand daughter and Cheryl's daughter name is Tawnya.  Kenneth's birthday is 3/12/2014.  Also met Allegre who does the pupusa's at the Saturday market.  Nice talk with Prem tambien.  Earlier in the day I started preparing some more soil for the cucumber starts which I will do hopefully in the next few days.
Wednesday 31
Hb and I went over to OSU to hear a great talk on glaciers by a famous lady who is a world expert / speaker on this subject.  She did an excellent job and took a non-political approach to the issue showing both the pros / and cons of the situation.  Afterwards Hb and I had some leftover food and walked back to the car.  In the evening when we came home I did some work outside making some more soil for the pots where I will plant my cucumber starts.


June 2023


Thursday 01
Got my cucumber starts in the early afternoon before heading out to LaSells.  We had dinner with our old friend Paul who we met at the salmon bake many years ago at OSU.  He showed up tonight at LaSells and we sat with him and had a very nice chat.  We drove home and then walked over to Coho to see Amy's slides on India.  She was there for 7 weeks this winter for Reva and Praveen's wedding.  We saw the Taj Mahal and lots of India including an ashram.  Afterwards we celebrated Amy's birthday with cake and more cake.  Amy turned 65 today.
Friday 02
Today we met both Agléška Cohen-Rencountre - Center Director of the Native American Cultural Center and Jayathi Y. Murthy president of Oregon State university.  We met them both at the Black American Juneteenth party.  They had a big show and afterwards some yummy food including corn bread, ribs, chicken, baked beans and collard greens.  Earlier in the day I am almost finished up with the dirt pile in Jason's driveway garden bed.  I planted some more winter squash out on the street garden bed.
Saturday 03
At 7pm I had a nice talk with David Friedman.  Earlier in the day we went to the Farmer's market.  Allegra gave us a free pupusa at the end of the market.  We also had a nice talk with Jack as we saw him as the market was winding down.  In the afternoon we walked up to Russell's to do some watering and I watered the front yard in the morning.
Sunday 04
Hb and I went to the Philomath Farmer's market for the first time.  We saw Talus.  Prior to arrival we stopped off at Sunbow and walked around there a bit.  We saw Bina's truck and said hi to her.  After the Farmer's market we went up to Evergreen Road and walked around for awhile at our normal spot.  Then came home and had dinner and then drove my car back to the park for a short walk.
Monday 05
In the evening we went to Corvallis High School and ran into a big band potluck.  We chowed down on a bunch of yummy cookies, potato salad and some nice meat dishes.  It was a bonus potluck.  When we finally got to the main event which was the mexican dancing it was too loud so we were in there for less than 5 minutes and were gone.  We came and and finished the dirt project at jason and shannon's house.  We moved a giant pile of dirt from their side yard adjacent to the driveway and the sidewalk to numerous places on the property.  So that took several weeks of wheel barrow trips but we raked it up to night and put that project to bed.  Earlier in the day we did some scapes and made some food.
Tuesday 06
Up early and I was at the dentist office by 9am for a 9:30am appt.  Part I of my crown insertion.  I got lucky, called yesterday and a cancellation popped up and I was in today.  Afterwards I went to TJ's for some staples.  In the early afternoon Hb cleaned out the garage and I moved some dirt around and filled up 10 pots to plant seeds in the next couple of days.  Tuesday market was very nice.  Hung out with Allegra, Prem, Pedro.  We love this time of year and the Tuesday market.  It was 90 degrees on our walk over but as the evening waned the temperatures were perfect.
Wednesday 07
After the nushell meeting we went over to Market of Choice for lunch and then we went for a nice walk around the park and back around past the dentist's office on 17th.  I had a nice talk with Dad in the evening.  Jerry is coming to visit him in one week !
Thursday 08
David Mayfield came over at 1pm and we went for a walk around the park.  I planted some more random seeds in buckets so we will see what grows :) We talked to Jerry and Hester in the evening along with Jerry's brother and wife Camille who Bina is friends with tambien.
Friday 09
The biggest gardening day of the late spring.  I worked outside all day literally.  It was my first time doing this but it needed to be done as I really wanted to finish up planting both the winter squash and the cucumbers.  So I started up a new garden bed on the side marion yard.  After securing dirt from Jason the past few weeks I was ready to plant winter squash in two spots which I did today along with the other Jason dirt at the end of Powell.  I also planted winter squash in the east of the driveway mound.  In the late afternoon I went over to Russell's and readied the garden bed and after dinner Hb and I went back and planted the second round of cucumbers.
Saturday 10
Lunch at Arnold Dining Hall.  We had a hamburger and fries today next time I think we will try the gluten free pasta.  We walked around campus.  It was a perfect late spring day !  I planted some more winter squash seeds in the Marion garden bed that is loaded with garlic this year.
Sunday 11
Pedro, Mike and Kathy came over at the usual 11am time slot for the first time this spring.  We have been trying to get them to come over now for a few weeks.  We had a nice time and I had a nice chat with Kathy tambien.  Afterwards Hb did some scapes and we had a nice lunch and then we went to Winco for a shopping excursion.  Came home and went up to Russell's to water and then we had a nice dinner and I had a two hour talk with Brian.  Lisa got fired from her librarian job in an elementary school in San Diego County because of a book banning incident.  A mom of an elementary student wanted a book banned so the principal came to Lisa to ask to have the book removed and she refused to do it and so she was fired from her job.  Add it to the list of what is going on in the good ol US of A during this time period in our lives :) 
Monday 12
In the afternoon we went for a walk over to our summer bench in the park.  We then went down to the river and met a guy by the name of George who was born in Corvallis in 1939 and lived in Philomath his whole life.  He was out on the river with his canoe at 84 years of age.  Wow !  We had a nice talk.  At age 23 he went to work for the PO and worked for them for 30 years retiring at age 53.  He built his own boat but it got stolen, bummer.  In the evening I was outside until 10pm.  Tried to finish up planting most of the winter squash.  The past couple of days and week has been a big garden whirl wind.
Tuesday 13
Great Tuesday market.  Peter was there and he got a pizza.  I met Liz, Lucia, and Hazel.  Also Dogbone is now living in Corvallis and this was his first time at the Tuesday market.  Linda Sebring, Linda Edwards, Ken and I discussed the TRFW proposal of possibly giving the money away for an OSU scholarship.  We got the salad for the first time from Laura Bennett for $12 and it was yummy.
Wednesday 14
Walk over to Russell's to water in the afternoon and ran into Mark and Joey and ended up going over to Mark's house for a long talk in his side yard and we ended the reunion with a hug and "your welcome"
Thursday 15
Big Day outside.  Started out with going over to buy gas and TJ's.  Then came home and cut the grass twice.  The second cut was with the old mower at a low setting which it already happened to be on.  Hb and I went for a walk into the park.  I had a nice talk with Dad.  Jerry is coming to visit him for Father's day weekend.
Friday 16
In the evening we picked cherries at Kathy's house.  The cherries peaked yesterday and today they are still great.  Tomorrow they will be on the other side of good.  As we were picking the cherries Kathy pulled up in Will's car and I gave her a container of cherries.  In the early morning I had a long talk with John Zeuli.  Its summer time so I sat in the back yard and talked to him.  He had a nice breakfast at the Owl Cafe.  They had a bar in San Antonio which I used to go to when I was driving back and forth to Las Cruces.  John turned me on to it today in our conversation.  Afterwards I did my big Friday watering.  I have picked Fridays as the day to do some major watering.  In the evening before going to Russell's I watered the front yard.
Saturday 17
Farmer's market in the morning.  Rain from Coho is now working at the GT farmer's market booth so we saw her today for the first time.  We saw Jack at the Farmer's market and had a nice talk with Luke.  Looks like the weather is going to cool off the next couple of days and it was breezy and chilly on our walk this evening.  We watched the movie "always be my maybe".
Sunday 18
Early in the morning I did my sheets.  Hb will do hers in a few days.  The last time we did sheets was back on April 1 prior to going down to Carson City about a week later on Easter or Sunday April 9.  So it had been awhile.  In the late morning we got a text from Van Fister who wanted to know what we were up to today and so I invited him over for lunch at 2:30pm.  We had a nice lunch and then went for a big walk around the park and back over to his house.  I called Dad and wished him a happy father's day.  Jerry was in town visiting so he had a nice visit with Jerry.
Monday 19
Around 5pm we headed over to do our walk around the cemetery across from the country club and whiteside blvd off brooklane.. Afterwards we stopped by the coop for coffee filters and syrup.  Upon arriving at home we saw Anna with her new toy which is one of those things that drives and you balance on moving forward.  Unfortunately, about 10 minutes later she fell as she was showing me her ride.  We went back over to her house after dinner and she was OK luckily.
Tuesday 20
By the time the market rolled around today the weather cleared and it kept getting nicer.  By the time we got home it was warm and lovely.  The past few days of cold and rain is behind us and we are looking at 80's manana. Met Alan Silverstein this evening who lives off Cardwell Hill Rd.
Wednesday 21
Got some cucumber starts going in the north fava bean bed in the backyard.  
Thursday 22
TJ's in the early afternoon.  Had a long talk with Jason about stuff.
Friday 23
Hb and I had a nice day in Albany.  Started out the afternoon at Costco.  We ran around and ate a bunch of food and bought some TP and for the first time gluten free bread.  Hb got some nice shorts and I bought a chicken for $4.99.  Afterwards we parked in our spot and walked into town.  We had a nice talk at the Chamber of Commerce and then at the art gallery.  They are having their 10 year anniversary in a few weeks which we got an invitation to.  We came home, ate our chicken and went over to Russell's to do some watering.  It was a lovely evening.
Saturday 24
Got to the Farmer's market about 1 hour early and I had forgotten my wallet so I asked Luke if I could borrow $10.  Turns out they were giving away free money.  Each person got $25 and so we lucked out on fifty bucks.  How often does that happen in life.  I started to think about it and turns out my whole life has been blessed in this way.  So there you have it.  The universe will continue to guide us forward.  Had I not asked Luke to borrow ten, I would probably have never heard about it.  We saw Jack and we got him $25 as well.  In the afternoon we went out to Peavy arboretum and I climbed up to the bench in less than 30 minutes while Hb did Sky and Will's journey group.  It was great being out there and doing the hike to the top.  On the way home we stopped off at Grocery Outlet to pick up some spinach and cabbage.  At 6pm we went over to Scott and Kathy's for a pagan ritual and solstice gathering.  We met Lisa and Josh from north Albany.  They were very cool.  Also Rossalyn sat across from us at the table.  She was friends with Anyaa and Suzanne.  It was a lovely evening.
Sunday 25
In the evening we went for a walk to water and went for a walk around the lake block and ran into Mark and Joey.  So we hung for awhile and talked to him and then circled back with him and looked at the "ground water" in the lake.  Earlier in the day Mike and Kathy came by.  Pedro had a sore on his butt which is causing him to not being able to row or ride his bike.  Jack came by as well for his red umbrella which he will use at the Farmer's market to sell his pins.
Monday 26
Do not ever eat couscous.  I did last night for dinner after bringing a dish home from Kathleens on Saturday night and it did not work out.  I had diaharrea all night long.  Terrible.  Never eat couscous or semolina again.  That was my story today mainly recovering from last night.  I am feeling better.
Tuesday 27
Today was the day.  It all started on May 23, 2022.  Will was coming over to hang out and I bit down on a shell in the mix of dates with flour on them.  And here we are more than 13 months later I show up this morning at 11:30am to get my crown from Dr. Burnett.  And so this tooth number 4 journey (hopefully) comes to a close.  The Tuesay market was great as always.  We met a couple and their 10 year old daughter who spoke Tamal and was from India.  They most recently lived in Singapore and came to Oregon nine months ago as this person works at HP.
Wednesday 28
Got up early and made the decision to get over to the DMV.  I looked at their website around 7am and discovered they did not open until 10am on Wednesday's.  Lucky !  So I got there around 9:30am.  I was number four in line and when I entered the door at 10am I got right up there without ever having to sit down and wait.  I was out of there in 10 minutes.  I stopped by the coop and picked up some bread and went home.  Hb and I went out for a walk around the park and sat at the boat dock for a short time and then we went home.  I had my 1pm meeting and then we had a nice lunch of tuna fish.  After lunch I took a nap.  For some reason in the summer I think it is easier to take a nap.  Not sure but it seems to be working.
Thursday 29
Hb and I went over to go shopping at Winco but prior we did our usual walk around the hood adjacent to Winco.  It was a hot day so we sat down on the grass for awhile on our walk next to the creek.  The cherries were in full bloom so we had some access to cherries as well.  Wow !  Those were the more sour cherries but they were yummy tambien.  Came home, had some dinner and Dad read me an article in Time magazine about RFK who is running for president.  Afterwards we saw Mushroom and Linda for the first time in quite a while.  Mushroom isn't doing well and his dementia has pretty much kicked into full bloom.  His friend Cosecha, who we met last summer had a brain tumor and died pretty fast.  We then planted some more winter squash starts at Russell's.  I sent Berk off an obit for his Mom Ruth and so in the reply Michael told me that Jeff's dad Ron had just passed and that Berk was at the funeral for Jeff's dad.  Its a small world and that is what is going on in our life at this time.
Friday 30
And that is a wrap for part I of the diary.  This year I will keep going but cut a c23p1 for archival purposes until the year finishes out.  In the evening we went over to Xigam land and Leon led a beautiful camas ceremony.  A young boy by the name of Rowan who is from Eugene and his mom Lisa were there and he tended the fire in the tipi.  Prior Leon took us over to the plant.  Harvested the camas and we eat ate a small piece of the bulb.  Then we also at the camas flour he made as well.  What an amazing ritual followed by a journey ceremony  in the tipi.  It was a great evening.  I had a nice talk with Chad who is friends with Sole and Mahogany.  Chad drove back with Mahogany to their place in Spencer just south of Ithaka, NY.  It was great to get to talk to him today and hear about their new home back east.  Jaffer was at the gathering along with everyone else.  A final day in June was lovely.  Earlier in the day I put more cucumbers and squash in the ground and did my big Friday water tambien.


July 2023


Saturday 01
This year I will keep going with c23 and not break it up like I have in the past.  However, I will create a c23p1 as a copy of everything up to this point.  Meaning at the end of the year I will not have a merge problem.
We hit the market today.  We got $10 of stuff from Luke in following last weeks initial hit with him and his tip to get $50.  Turns out Luke is having these 2 for 5 sales and I am all into that.  Plus I like Luke and buying from him feels like the right thing to do.  Jack was all set up with our umbrella and we had a nice interchange with a woman who came by who I was going to donate $5 to, then her daughter decided to buy something somewhere else and I called her back and Jack said no let her get what she wants.  Then later on the lady came back to give Jack $5.  Then I gave Jack the red umbrella and Hb got all bummed out about that and then when we arrived in Philomath to hear the Space Neighbors Jack gave Hb a pin to pick out next time she sees them.  We like spending time with Jack.  The Space Neighbors were great and Nick is an incredible guitar player.  Afterwards we stopped by Safeway and picked up some Tillamook Mudslide chocolate ice cream which was absolutely yummy.  It had chocolate inside of the ice cream in pieces.  I have most of my plants in; still some remaining cucumbers that still need to go into the ground.
Sunday 02
I had a talk this morning with Amtoine about testing nu-cmd-extra.  It was a good chat.  In the afternoon Hb and I went shopping and picked up some stuff.  In the evening I bought five zucchini from Cheryl for $5 and so we are set for the week on food.  I was looking for some good zukes :)  I gave the 5 to Steve as he was out on the street.  I love summer.  Dad and I had an a nice talk.  Deli drove off to the beach this morning.  So Dad is home by himself for the week but he sounds good.
Monday 03
Today was all about ice cream.  We bought another two containers of our Tillamook Mudslide but when we were there we noticed that the Umqua ice cream was $2.77 so we went home, had some food and then went back to Safeway with our phone app to get the deal and it worked.  We went for a walk around the block at dusk and had a nice talk with Dan and Ashley.  It was a good day.  In the late morning I finished harvesting all of the remaining fava beans and put them on a big pile.  Then I cleaned up that whole area which had a bunch of weeds and tall grass.  The final step was to pull out the mower and mow all of the dead grass down.  Now that whole SE corner of the back yard looks prim and proper.  I am not sure I am going to plant fava beans again.  I would maybe rather plant something else that overwinters.  We will figure it out.
Tuesday 04
We went downtown in the afternoon and listened to the band DRTR.  We sat under the trees next to the water fountain, listened to the music and I spoke to a man by the name of David who I had seen around town a bunch but never actually spoke to him before.  We came home and took showers and ate some dinner, ate some ice cream :) and then headed over to the extended hours Tuesday market.  Prem was there so we had a long talk with him.  We also met Lisa who is from Ashland.  On our way home from the Tuesday market we stopped at Jen's house and talked to the little kids and then their neighbors, who were having a hot dog party invited us to their block party !  So we had hot dogs, baked beans, potatoe salad, chips, strawberries and blue berries.  Jordan who lives there and Eric who lives on Belle were cool along with the wives and kids.  So a great Fourth of July was had by all.
Wednesday 05
In the evening we went for a walk and saw Adam's back yard garden on Bridgeway.  We just happened to be walking by and he invited us into his back yard and showed us all around.  He bought the house a few years back from an old lady who died at age 94.  He grew up in the hood two houses over and he has lived here his whole life.  Wow !  He has a Bmw 325i car he has had for years.  He is a great guy.  Then we stopped by Russell's to water and on the way home saw Celia's grandchildren.  Daniel is now 9 and a big old fat boy.  He used to be little and skinny and now he is big and fat.  The grand daughter is still small and skinny at age 6.  The kids get old and change.  It was an absolutely beautiful evening after it being a HOT day for the 2nd day in a row.  We are done with the hot weather for now. 
Thursday 06
Hb and I went to pick up some gauze pads for Pedro at Rite Aid next to Market of Choice and then we went for a walk around Garfield Park.  Came home and I took Pedro over the stuff.  In the evening I harvested some radish greens at Russell's.
Friday 07
I watered today and early in the morning removed all of the blackberries from behind the gate on Jen's land in the man cave.  It wasn't too bad and the weather was perfect as it was cloudy and cool.  I loved being outside as per usual.  In the mid afternoon we went to Costco and bought a chicken and then parked on Oak and walked into town for the 10th anniversary of the Gallery Calapooia.  It was a nice party and they had gluten free cake :)  We drove home the back way and it was a beautiful evening.
Saturday 08
Farmer's market in the morning, I got cucumbers from Stephanie for one buck each.  In the afternoon we did some Saturday afternoon summer partying and then headed over to watch (luckily) the ultimate frisbee tournament which was fantastic :)  All is todo bien and summer is in full swing.  I cut back to watering at Russell's every other day which means things are starting to grow like weeds, but no fruit yet.
Sunday 09
Day 1 of harvesting garlic in the evening.  Earlier we went to day 2 of the ultimate tournament.  We watched Revolver win the finals against the Condors from southern Ca.  It was a gorgeous day, not too hot but super sunny.  We caught some shade on the sidelines at times and had a grand old time.
Monday 10
Did lots of work outside in the evening. Jay and Sarah and Anna went away today so I did a massive side yard cleanup on their side of the trees and bushes that were growing up high above the roof of the house.  Now its all cleared out.  I cut down some branches on both sides of our fence between the front yard and the back yard next to their house.  Earlier we went for a walk around the park and first stopped by Jorge and Catherine's for awhile.  They told us about the restaurant out on 99E just south of Hwy 34 called the Dixie Creek Saloon.
Tuesday 11
Ken came over this afternoon and I got bit by the dog, pit bull on the corner of Ryan and Denman.  The Tuesday market was great and we had fun.  We sat with Phoenix on the corner and hung out with everyone including Craig and I talking about me mordio un perro.  In the morning we went over to Pedro's to help him with his bed sheet.  Luke called in the afternoon before we went to the market to tell us he was coming into town on July 28.
Wednesday 12
Happy birthday Scott call and we had a great one.  We really had a good connection today and it made my whole day literally.  While I was on the phone talking to Scott with my chair in the middle of the street the neighbor whose dog bit me yesterday, the husband drove by and he apologized and we had a very nice brief heartfelt talk, we shook hands and it was actually kind of touching.  These two events made my whole day after a kind of shocker yesterday post dog bite.  Although the Tuesday market was a good one and I didn't talk about the incident except to Craig in Spanish.  After the nushell meeting today Hb and I went shopping.  Day 2 of massive garlic harvesting.  I harvested some garlic in the morning after speaking to Scott and then cut up all of the branches from the tree cut the other day and filled up Jay and Sarah's yard waste bin along with ours as well.  In the evening I met Ron, who passed along who lived next to Patrick and Minday who Steve said every day at 4:30pm would drive by mother Shirley who now lives next to Jeremy and Maggie.  I had a long talk with Steve this evening.  He and I talk every once in a while but when we do talk its usually a long one and tonight we had a good talk about Ron, driving by, and about Jeremy who is from Squirrel Hill etc.  Steve is a great guy and kind of cracks me up in many ways.  He is a true whacko like myself.
Thursday 13
Got up today and when Hb started watching a movie on Thailand I decided I had to work on my passport.  The state department is no longer accepting online applications like Hb got to do; so I had to fill out the application on line, print it out or create a PDF, write a check, go over to Office Depot and print out the application.  Go to Fred Meyer to get a picture and go the post office and mail the application as opposed to what I did for Hb's application which was to do it all online, use her credit card, and upload a picture.  Simple dimple compared to what I had to do.  We had salmon for lunch and we went for a walk late in the day around the park and down to the river.  I learned from Brent this evening that he was going to work for Coralogix.
Friday 14
This morning I watered the whole backyard including all of the trees.  It had been awhile since I watered back there and because today and tomorrow are going to be in the high 90's I felt it was time.  I also did all of the other watering tambien and harvested a bunch more garlic in the west bed.  I also watered Jay and Sarah's tree.  They are out of town for the week and it was a good opportunity to water their tree.  In the evening Hb and I went over to Russell's to water.  It was a good day and we had fun.
Saturday 15
I got up early today and had a call with Iris and Dad in the garage at 9am.  Getting to that point took some doing and logistics to make it happen.  We went to the Farmer's market at the usual time and then came home, had a quick lunch and I took Hb over to the big tree in the park for Sky's journey group at 2pm.  I came back at 3:30pm and participated in the remaining time.  It was a very hot day here in the valley.  Luckily our cooling system works well and we got it installed a few years back.
Sunday 16
We met Sophia who is the youngest daughter of the german folks who are friends of bina.  Her brother is Lucas who we have met in the past at Bina's.  Anyway her husband is from NZ and her son Niko's bday is the same as mine.  Earlier in the day I went over to Russell's and pulled out all of the radish greens and wheel borrowed them back to our house.  I had a long talk with Russell tambien around 10:30am at the tail end of my work there.  Right off the bat I got an email from Iris in regard to our talk yesterday with Dad and I apologized to her for what I said about things.
Monday 17
The day started out with me calling Patrick to check in and see if he wanted to get together today.  He came over later in the morning and we hung out in the garage for awhile then I took him over to Les Schwab to pick up his car.  In the afternoon Hb and I went for a walk and ran into Phoenix coming out of his house so we went for a walk around the park block.  Came back to his house and he gave us a tour of the garden, wow !  Their garden is always rock and roll.  In the evening Jan and Boyd invited us over to gluten free birthday cake for Mindy.  Her birthday is tomorrow and she will be 46.  Hb and I took Izzy and Juniper for a walk around the block at the end of the evening.  During the day I finished up harvesting the garlic in the artichoke west bed.  Now I still need to finish the driveway garlic bed.
Tuesday 18
started the day out selling out of VZ after a story came out last friday about lead in the telephone cables.  I don't usually log this kind of stuff here but this one is so special it had to be noted.  had a great tuesday market.  hb had a dentist appt at 9:30am so I took her there and went for a walk around the hood next to the dentist and stopped by VC on the way home.
Wednesday 19
Finished harvesting garlic today and Hb did a massive cleanup in the evening of the driveway garlic bed.  I still have a bit more of processing to do but for the most part the bulk of the harvest and process is completed :) 
Thursday 20
We had a nice walk late in the morning for the first time in our lives we took the side walk in the park and headed out to the river on the trail we have only been on once when Mike Goss was in town but it was in the wetter months and we never made it the river.  But today we made it finally and only appropriate that it is our ten year anniversary of first arriving in Corvallis and staying at Peter's house.  Not sure if it is today or tomorrow but it is close enough to count :)  So we saw Tracy, the dark skinned lady who lives at Renee's and was taking care of many children down at the river.  She told us that she was in India for 8 months and had gotten back in March of this year.  We had a nice talk with her and saw flying above us two bald eagles.  It was a special moment seeing the bald eagles.  This evening we headed over to Starker Park and walked around the Sage garden and then heard some latin music.  Ken came by and we sat and talked to him for awhile which was nice.  The weather was perfect, the music wasn't too loud and the summer evenings are already starting to wane a bit and we our enjoying our summer in Oregon.
Friday 21
We left the house early and we were out at David Campbell's house before 10am.  We took airport road to erving road and once you hit Decker Rd it was less than 5 minutes.  We walked basically the whole property except behind the dining hall there was another trail we have not been on yet.  It is lovely, but too many blackberries would drive me loco :)  Not to mention the thistles et al.  David Campbell is cool.  We met some other nice people as well and the energy of the day was lovely, warm, friendly, spiritual and all our expectations were met.  We had two giant meals and we did the dishes at the end of the evening just before we went home.  We went back home on Hwy 34 and cut off at the Mary's River Grange.  Jack was there today, along with Robin Reiter, Dhara, Will, Kathy and a few other folks we knew.  It was a great summer day experience and one I am really glad we did not miss.  I would go out there again.
Saturday 22
We had a great day today once again.  We got to the odd fellows party early out in adair village and welcomed everyone to the party.  at our table was the stone soup folks and they told us all about the organization.  meaningful effort and work done to support everyone in corvallis who wants a meal gets one.  the mayor charles maughan and brad did a great job !  we sat with cathy lorenson's husband rob and the two folks from stone soup.  afterwards around 3pm we got to the celtic festival.  we sat with mark and ken and bruce and jude were there as well and we had a good talk !  in the evening we watered at russell's.  a good time was had by all.
Sunday 23
Mellow day at home.  We went for a walk into the park and sat at our bench.  Did a bunch of watering outside tambien.
Monday 24
It was a mostly cloudy day today with some sun late in the day.  We even got a sprinkle of rain, fall is in the air :)  Around 5:30pm we headed on over to the bank for Hb, TJ's and the Grocery Outlet for some staples for the week. 
Tuesday 25
Did some watering in the morning.  In the afternoon we had a nice time at the Tuesday market.  Hb bought some blueberries from Chad.  Prem gave me two spanish books for study.  I had a nice talk with John Gutman early in the morning and walked around the hood and spoke to him.
Wednesday 26
Mellow day at home.  We had to deal in the morning with Hb needing a new pressure tank for her well in Placitas.  That set her back four grand.  Late in the day we went over to Kiger Island and picked some blueberries for $1.50 a pound.  Now that is a good deal.  Came home and went for a walk and walked by Luke's house and had a nice talk with Dogbone and Luke.
Thursday 27
Today we drove to Albany around lunch time and went to Costco first and then Winco and came right home.  We did the loop per usual.  Luke and family are coming into town tomorrow so we got some food including for the first time salmon patties.  We got our air cooker yesterday so we will try it out tomorrow.  When we were at David Campbell's house last weekend we met someone who told us about it and so we decided to buy one !  The weather was perfect today around 80 degrees.  We bought gas today on I5 for $3.99.  
Friday 28
Hang out all day and Luke and Ashley, Tanner and Tenley arrived just after 5pm.  We had a great evening.  Just before dark we walked down to the river and back.  The kids are getting big.  Tanner was born in 2012 and Tenley was born in 2016.
Saturday 29
Met Luke and Ashley at Bodhi for breakfast then headed over to the Farmer's market.  We saw Bina and we saw Jack and I bought Luke a copper bracelet and Jack gave Hb her purple pin.  He reglued the back for her.  Jack got to meet the whole family.  In the afternoon we went down to the river beach.  It was our second time there and now we know where its at.  We were there a few weeks back for the first time so it worked out really well.  Tanner was in the water the whole time and Tenley was in there too.   Even Luke went swimming.  We came back home and made a really big dinner with day two of the air fryer.  We made salmon patties, turkey burgers, and sweet potato fries and Luke made enchiladas tambien.  The weather was perfect.  On our way to the Farmer's market in the morning it was a sweet 69 degrees and stayed right around there all day.  Wow, summer is in her glory and golden light.
Sunday 30
Luke and Ashley came over early in the morning and we hung out for about 15 minutes, took some pictures and then they took off for home.  We had a great weekend with them.  I wrote Luke a check for 1k and we took it to the post office late in the day and stopped by the coop and had a long chat with Craig about RFK Jr et al.  We love Craig but he is a whako tambien.  Speaking of all our whacko friends ourselves included in a good light we had a nice lunch with Ken and Russell at the annual coop party this year at the Willamette shelter at the park.  They had hot dogs and tofu dogs along with Valerie's cookies and other yummy goodies.  Russell told us some good stories about his paint pressure gun and how it blew up on him.  Afterwards we went for a big walk into the park and hung out at the beach for quite a while...  I layed down on the rocks and took a nap.  We are loving our new beach spot on the river; we went there yesterday tambien with Luke and Ashley.  Yesterday we took the beach chairs but sitting on the rocks works just as well...
Monday 31
Kathy Miller came over in the morning for some help with her massage application.  Also I had a nice talk with Pedro at around 1pm.  In the evening we went for a walk with Kathy over to Laugher's and then around the block.  Today was a watering day.  I am down to now 3 times a week.  The watering journey is starting to see light at the end of the tunnel.  Kathy found our first lemon cuke of the year at Russell's.  We saw Lesley and she said we could get some apples tambien.  Autumn is starting to kick in.  This time of year the light starts to switch.  I noticed it today for the first time.  I heard and saw a few geese as well starting to move a round a bit.  We love life here in Oregon.


August 2023


Tuesday 01
After the Tuesday market we headed into the park and was about to circle around to go home when I remembered as we were walking down Park St. that Nancy's annual Root Beer Float Night was tonight and so we stopped by there.  We hung out with Diane and met her neighbor Aurora who is a Psych professor at OSU.  The Corvallis police people were there and so we had a nice talk with Michael and another female police officer.  Earlier in the day I picked some apples on Bell.
Wednesday 02
Our first round of picking apples at Lesley's house.  In the evening we went back to pick blueberries at Lance and Lenore Giles house on Kiger Island.  Lance is 72 and has lived there his whole life.  His parents bought the property in 1948 and its 20 acres.  He planted the hazel nuts in 2018.  He has been retired now for about five years.  He used to work out at a nursery in Tangent.
Thursday 03
We had a giant day.  We started out by going to the County Fair.  We picked up some documents for Pedro downtown and then went out to the fair.  We were there all day until after the ice cream social at 3pm.  Unfortunately the ice cream was the scary soft serve.  I ate some, oh no.  Went home and stopped off at the coop and then headed home.  Less than one hour later we walked over to Naj's house for her big birthday celebration.  Jack and Matthew finally got to meet and they hit it off.  So a good night was had by all.  It was a lovely evening and everyone had fun.  We walked home at dusk and the night was young and lovely.  Lynn and Shirley are back in town.  Their kids moved back away.  They live next to Jay and Sarah.
Friday 04
Woke up super early and had turned off the hot water heater in the middle of the night.  I heard the leak under the house and around 5:30am I was outside shutting off our water at the main valve.  By 6:30pm I was making calls frantically to find a plumber.  At 8pm it became apparent this was going to be challenging to deal with.  Luckily Mr. Rooter Plumbing came out and fixed the problem.  The bill was $630 and I gave the guy a $50 tip.  Not fun work and he deserved a bonus.  Life is strange.  We went over to OSU in the early afternoon for lunch and then we hung outside the Arnold Dining Hall for awhile afterwards just mellowing out.  In the evening we had a nice walk into the park.  After the plumbers left and before going to OSU we stopped by Peter's house to drop off the forms for him we picked up yesterday downtown.
Saturday 05
Watered outside in the morning.  After the Farmer's market we went to Winco and TJ's to get food for tomorrow's lunch with Scott and Kathleen at our house.  In the evening we walked over to the cemetery and sat on the bench.  They upgraded the bench with new wood and its more solid.  The day was lovely, mostly cloudy all day and it was cool tambien.  Again, we love summer in Oregon.
Sunday 06
We had Scott and Kathy over for lunch today.  They got here around 2pm and left around 4:30pm.  We had turkey burgers and sweet potato fries on the new air cooker.  It was great to have them over.  Another year has come and gone :)  After they left I took a nap and woke up angry.  Not sure why, but we went for a giant walk around the whole park and by the end I was feeling a lot better.  In the process of walking I realized that I should be grateful for having the ability to go for the long walk, having what I have in my life including my family, friends, and community.  And all that we have for being alive en todo. 
Monday 07
Johngi and Susan came over around 4pm and we hung outside in the back yard until about 6pm.  We went for a short walk after dinner and I picked up some more apples from the Bell St apple tree.
Tuesday 08
On 8/8 at 8am I had a lovely talk with Jim Sigman.  We got into aliens, god, and other assorted and sundry topics.  I learned today from Jim that he will be substitute teaching at the Kent Denver School.  In the late afternoon we went over to Phoenix's house for the Tuesday market and then did a small gathering for Cheryl and Michael's 8/8 party.  Cheryl had two kinds of chocolate cake.  I bought honey from Craig for $17.  I tried some when I got home and it was yummy :) 
Wednesday 09
Watered in the morning.  After my Wed meeting Hb and I went to the bank and to get some dessert at market of choice.  Afterwards we went for a walk around the park near there where we always go.  Again its called Garfield Park.  In the evening I had a nice talk with my Dad.  Hb did her monthly Zoom meeting.
Thursday 10
At around 5pm we were getting ready to head out for a walk and we saw Boyd in his garage with a glass of wine.  So we sat down and talked to him for a long time.  He had taken Jan to the Eugene airport this morning.  They got up at 3:30am so it was a long day for both of them.  Jan was flying to Pittsburgh for a cousin's reunion and since Boyd does not fly he will stay home for the next two weeks.  Afterwards we did a big walk in the park via the cemetery and sat on the bench for awhile prior to heading into the park at dusk.  Summer in OR is glorious and the days are ticking along and I am attempting to take it all in --- in this lifetime.
Friday 11
Lots of packing today for our trip to the coast on Monday.  In the evening we went for a walk and met Randy who lives across the street from Mark and his friend Bob.  They are the guys who sit outside their garage and drink beer and tonight Mark just happened to be there tambien.
Saturday 12
It was a hot one today and for the next number of days.  I took Hb over to the park for Sky's journey group at 10:30am.  The 8/8 party on 8/12 was wonderful.  For the second year in a row Steve Brown, Jonathan Siegel and members jammed for a few hours at the party.  The Mexican food from Lupe was lovely and a good time was had by all.  At the end of the night we had a great talk with Craig about everything including his yummy light honey.
Sunday 13
Got up before 7am and was over at Russell’s immediately.  It was the earliest I have ever watered this summer.  I did all the watering across the board.  Today is going to be 106 and rising :)  The temps are going to be crazy this week.  Tomorrow will be the same or possibly even hotter.  Luckily we are planning on heading out to the coast tomorrow morning.  I had a nice talk with Moses this morning.  I was watering at the end of Marion and he walked up with his shirt off.  We had a great talk.  He is a good guy.  Extremely bright and very well educated.  Great parents !  I believe his father was a professor at OSU.  He is around 30 years old mas o menos.  Lots of cooking all day and packing.  The temps hit around 102, that was the highest I saw.  After dinner Boyd came over with a bunch of cherry red tomatoes and we hung out for a bit and talked.  We went for a walk around 8pm and it was like going for a walk in placitas in the middle of the summer when I used to walk around the block with my shirt off there.  It brought me back to that place.  I saw Steve heading off somewhere and told him we were going to the coast.  He said in a couple of months it will be cold and rainy so he is taking it all in.  Now that is what I like to hear.
Monday 14
I got up at 5:30am and Hb and I were out the door by 8:30am.  It was a hot night and for the first time we kept the cooler on when we went to bed.  At 1 or 2pm in the morning I shut it off and opened all the windows.  The night wasn’t great as Boyd’s cherry tomatoes did not work out for me.  I gave the tomatoes to Jay, Sarah, and Anna in the morning at 6:30am I put it on their doorstep.  We did our usual route.  Hb got coffee in Veneta and we bought gas.  We were in Florence by 11am and ran into Tom and Renee at Grocery Outlet who were camping out at Carter Lake.  We changed it up this year and drove down south to Winchester Bay and went to our favorite beach there after having lunch in the parking lot.  We took a nap on the beach.  It was chilly but not cold.  I had on my sweat shirt.  From there we drove to the Myrtle Lane Inn.  It was a mellow drive and we did our back route through Coos Bay.  We had dinner at Miguels.  And Hb got ice cream for dessert.  We went for a short walk and here we here.  It is about 70 degrees here now and the room is perfect and its a bit chilly outside. Certainly beats the 110 degree temps in Corvallis :)  Upon checking in to our motel we learned that the Myrtle Lane Inn is for sale and the current manager Barbara Ross told us the owner is Denesa Rains who is a rich lady and politician who lives around here.  The sale price is 1.8 million.
Tuesday 15
The morning was incredibly lovely and at 8am I went and got Hb coffee from Barbara Ross.  It's a quiet place and we love staying here.  Four nights is the perfect cadence.  It's only Tuesday morning and we are already feeling like we have been here for a while which is a great sign of being relaxed.  When I got up this morning I felt really good.  All of the stuff that I was dealing with yesterday; all of the little stuff you create in your life that you make a big deal of goes away and we are at peace.  At around 11am I was walking over to the trash can to take out a banana peel and I heard the manager yelling hey you, come over here.  I thought she was talking to her dog so I kept walking and then she said it again and finally I said, “Are you talking to me ?” and she said yes.  Turns out she was standing there speaking with the owner of the motel whose name is Denesa Rains.  So I ended up speaking with her for about 90 minutes and then Hb came out and we spoke a lot longer.  She told me her whole life history, all about the motel, all about her other investments and about her husband, her 2700 acres of timber, her lost battle to put seven units behind the motel, and various other stories.  Michele and I liked her and we had a fun conversation.  From there we headed over to Whiskey Run beach just north of Bandon Dunes golf course.  We walked north till the end and then south from the trail head.  Today was way warmer than yesterday on the beach for two reasons.  One it was more sunny and two there was no wind :)  We love walking on the beach.  Afterwards we headed into Bandon and stopped by McKay’s for a bunch of different food items.  We came home, I took a shower and then we had our big feast.
Wednesday 16
It was cool and cloudy in the morning and the sun came out about 11am.  We headed on over to Bastendorff Beach and walked to the end at the jetty.  It was foggy but warm and possibly for the first time in Oregon beach history I was able to take off my shirt.  It wasn’t sunny and hot, but having my shirt off was a big deal :)  We hung out on the beach for awhile and then had a nice lunch there back at the car.  From there we headed on over to the Grocery Outlet.  It's a good store here; better than the one in Corvallis.  In fact, for the most part the Corvallis store is pretty lame compared to lots of other Grocery Outlets.  Then on to the coop where we got some yummy food per usual.  We got home, had a nice dinner and then went out for our usual evening walk in Coquille.  Our trip has been fantastic.  We love this part of Oregon, walking on the beach in the summer and basically being away from our lives back home out on an adventure which is our meditation.
Thursday 17
Back to Whiskey run for a 2nd beach day.  This time we walked south all the way to the bird creek preserve where there were signs coming from the other direction saying stay out thru sep 15, but we were walking from the north and they were not on our side.  It's kind of the spot where the bandon dunes' big hills end and the cliffs are shorter on the southern end of the preserve.  So it was a shift in topography.  Afterwards we had our banana and avocado sandwich with a rice cake.  We got back home and had another long talk with Denesa, only this time we met her husband Rich who was very nice.  He was from this area.  I really liked him a lot.  He was a very sharp country boy.  This time Denesa picked a good one.  Today I got to know her a bit better and I like her alot.  She is very cool.  We then had a nice dinner back at Miguel’s restaurant and two different customers asked me what I was eating and I told them the “fajita salad.”  We got home and went for a big walk into town and discovered a part of town we had not visited in the past.  It was the part of town where the new 100 acres bike trail park is going into place.  We love this town and the people here as well.  We ran into the folks on bikes for a second night in a row.  Their kids have this youtube channel about the outdoors.  We also learned about the 100 acre woods project.
Friday 18
Happy birthday JB, you are the same age as Pedro !  We got up at 6:30am and was out the door at 9:15am after our final breakfast of toast and avocado.  Our first stop was the coop in Coos Bay where we got some old bananas and one more dish for lunch.  We headed out 10th street per usual and it's only about 20 miles to the beach in Winchester Bay.  I believe it's the clearest we have ever seen the beach as it seemed we could see miles to the south and the sky was blue.  It was a tad bit windy and chilly and we needed our hats and neck warmers the whole time but with that stuff on we were good to walk for quite a few miles.  We had a nice lunch in Elkton at the park near the ice cream shop.  We ate our food from the coop at the park next to the river and then went to get our ice cream.  Last year it was $5.50 and this year the same tub was $7.  We got mint chips this year :)  From there we drove home.  Hb drove the final stretch from just south of Veneta to our house.  She did the same last year.  We believe the last time she drove was home from Carson City.  We got home and all of the plants were alive.  A miracle given the fact that it was over 100 degrees Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday.  The plants were mature enough that the deep watering on Sunday prior to me leaving kept the going for the week.  I was really curious to know the answer to this question and it all worked just as Hb said it would.  So I came home happy to see my plants alive and well including the cucumbers in the back yard.
Saturday 19
Farmer's market was good.  We got some onions for a buck from the Greengable folks.  In the late afternoon I mowed down the dandelions in the front yard and did some cleanup.  I also sorted through all of the apples and got some new ones at Zump's house and his neighbor whose tree I pick every year.  We went for a walk and ran into our new neighbor Steve, Anna was up in Portland.  They go down to Mexico every year and live across from Dave and Judy.  He is only eating one meal a day and is fasting earlier in the day.  He has lost a bunch of wait.  The name of their town is called La Penita.
Sunday 20
We had a great day !  We left the house at 9:30am and we were over there in a jiffy.  We parked on the corner of Adams and 7th and went and picked up our tshirts.  We got some pastries and I actually drank a drop of cold brew coffee.  It made me feel good and I had not drank even a tiny bit of coffee in many, many years.  The chocolate pastries were good tambien.  So good that I got it all over my brand new clean open streets tshirt.  I walked around all day with a chocolate stained shirt.  Our shift flew by in a second and before you knew it we were relieved by the next group.  We ran into Erica and her new baby Flora whose birthday is July 11.  She is now six weeks old.  In the afternoon we hung out the whole time at peanut park.  We sat with Bruce the whole time and chatted and ate some donuts.  Will Werner showed up eventually so the event was complete.  We shut the event down and as everyone was packing up we walked back to our car.  We then went over to Winco and TJ's for our shopping trip having just gotten back late Friday from our coast trip.  A great weekend was had by all and today could not have been better.  In our walk around the block tonight we met Judee.  She is 83 and lives on Powell on the other side.  She is a christian and has lived in corvallis since she was 8 years old.  She moved to corvallis in 1948 when houses cost 5k.  She bought her house in southtown for around 50k about 32 years ago. 
Monday 21
We did a walk around the park around 5pm and watered at Russell's on the way home.
Tuesday 22
In the morning I did some watering of the side yard.  At noon I had our second call with Iris and Dad.  This one went really well :)  Better than the last one where I was more on the edge.  Today I was more myself.  Afterwards we did some errands and then had lunch at Market of Choice.  We did a walk around the park and then came home and did another big walk over to the Tuesday market.  I bought another $17 jar of honey from Craig.  This was my second one of the season; and I am honeyed out.  It was a gorgeous evening.  We had a nice long talk with Derick who lives in Southeast asia most of the year and he gave us a bunch of good tips about what life is like there.
Wednesday 23
Completed the fava bean project throughout the day and put the twigs in the yard waste bin.  Anna stopped by looking for her green ball and we chatted for awhile.  Jay is building his shed from scratch, or a kit.  We went for a walk in the evening into the park.  The weather this time of year is lovely.
Thursday 24
Mellow day at home.  Learning a lot more about Rust via the new Sled 1.0 api.  Hb and I went for a walk in the evening in the park and ran into Prem and Kent from the guitar studio.  Earlier we had a meal at the Rotary shelter hosted by OSU.  We had a burger and baked beans along with rice crispy treats for dessert.
Friday 25
In the evening we stopped by Ernie's (?) house as he was talking to Mushroom and Linda and he showed us his 1950 Ford (Custom).   His father was born in 1920 and he was born in 1949.  He started working for the city of corvallis at age 23 in 1972 after the service, he may have been in Vietnam ?  Anyway, he retired at age 53 after 30 years.  He was the sign guy in town along with probably lots of other fix it type stuff.  Earlier in the day we went shopping to Winco to buy a watermelon for our potlucks this weekend.  We swung by the coop on the way home.  Hb did some back yard raking in the afternoon.  Apples are cranking along and we are in pretty good shape for apples as the tree on Bell this year is really good again.  Its a good life !
Saturday 26
We sat at the Farmer's market for quite a while in front of the fountain and watched the kids play and we enjoyed one of the last summer water parks.  Summer is waning fast, and the highlight of the late summer is our annual farm party at earth rising.  Ken arrived around 3:30pm and we took off immediately and went straight to the farm.  Chad greeted us and we ran into Craig right away who gave us a tour of the fruit trees, his house, the hives and the bamboo.  By then people had started arriving and so we picked a bag of pears off the ground.  There is an infinite amount of fruit this year everywhere.  The party was perfect.  Jack was there along with Cedar, Kathy Miller brought Matthew from Ireland.  It was his first time to Earth Rising.  We gave him a tour along with Jack up to Lee's house and showed them his trees and garden.  Hb and I swung back down and then up the other side tambien after we ate.  I carried my bowl all the way up there and came back and ate a bit more food.  We met Gary who was a Hoedad.  He and Delbert took us through the history this evening and told us all about it.  It was the warmest farm party on record in the ten years we have been going there.  We drove home with Ken around 10:30pm and saw countem 1, 2 cars on Bell Fountain and Llewelen Rds.  That may be a record for the least number of cars.  Summer is waning, the party is over and autumn is beckoning us towards her cooler days and nights :)  
Sunday 27
Coho potluck in the evening was very nice.  Matthew was there tambien.  I brought applesauce and watermelon.  Earlier I watered at Russell's and met his guest who lives in upstate NY who was here for Natlie's wedding.  We picked up piles of grass in the back yard that Hb had raked up.
Monday 28
Apple cider at Naj and Phoenix's house.  We got almost two gallons which is a crazy amount of cider.  I did a massive freezer cleanout and got 3 32oz yogurt containers back in the freezer along with two 32oz 1/4 gallon juice jars into the fridge.  Today was a massive weather change day.  Two days ago on Saturday at Earth Rising it was sunny, warm, and warm in the evening.  Yesterday was not quite as nice but sunny and today the sh-t hit the fan and we were back to heavy duty clouds and cool temps.  Hb went to see a movie in the evening and Naj picked her up at 7pm and I went for a walk around the block and talked to Ken V for awhile on the way home he stopped in his vehicle.  Earlier in the day I watered the front yard.  It could possibly be one of my last times watering for the season and that kind of makes me happy.
Tuesday 29
Tuesday market was nice.  We went for a walk around the park prior to landing there --- but even getting there at 6pm gives us plenty of time.  Craig told us the story of how his father was murdered when he was 15 by an ex-convict who was dating his mother.  Quite a story. 
Wednesday 30
I called Les Scwab and they said come over now as we are slow and I was there in 10 minutes and had my tires rotated immediately.  Soon after I got there they got busy so I got lucky to have our tires rotated.  We went for a walk later in the day and ran into Catherine (the great) and then Jorge independently.  At dusk we stood outside Anna's front yard and spoke to her and then Sarah as well.  The blue super (full) moon was coming up as we were speaking.  The next one is not until 2037; so it may be the last one I ever see :)  For more details on what it is go here.
Thursday 31
Best news !  It rained all day, we got lucky :)  Liz called me in the morning and I spoke to her for awhile.  She is dealing with lots of stuff which I will not outline here but suffice it to say we are all here for a reason.  In the afternoon Hb and I went shopping, got new windshield wiper blades, and came home and had a nice chicken and tortillas dinner.  I talked to my Dad and Jason in the evening about life.


September 2023


Friday 01
David Mayfield and I went for a walk around the park.  We ran into Mark at the end of the journey and David got some pears.  I had a long talk with Luke about our in progress POA.  In the evening Hb and I went over to Powell and picked up some apples off the ground.  Turns out it was Dan Crall's house.  Earlier we had a nice salmon dinner.  Hb discovered that buying salmon at Winco was actually a good idea.
Saturday 02
Great day at the Farmer's market.  We met Cai who was doing some art work on the sidewalk at the end of the market heading home.  We had a long talk about Stephen Wolfram, Mathematica and it turns out I have seen him at the Tuesday market.  He made my day.  Started moving dirt from the big dirt pile to the driveway garlic bed.  We had a nice dinner of turkey just prior to the power going out for the rest of the evening.  I took an early shower post outage and went camping the rest of the evening.  The power came back on just as we were going to bed.
Sunday 03
Got to Pedro's and Mike and Kathy were there.  We had not seen them since their puppy Tulsi passed.  We had a good time at Pedro's and after they left we made his bed and picked up some glass.  We stopped by home and then headed over to Fred Meyer's to get a watch battery for Hb.  Then on to OSU for lunch at Arnold Dining Hall.  We walked around the campus afterwards.  It was an absolutely perfect autumn afternoon and there was no one on campus.  Not a soul.  We had the whole university to ourselves.  In the evening I cleaned off the cement slab, wiped it clean and started sorting some apples and putting them into bins for the autumn time frame.
Monday 04
Worked during the morning and early afternoon.  Then we went out for a walk and had a nice Labor Day dinner.  Afterwards we went for a nice walk around the park.  Earlier we picked up a nice bench at the end of the street and dragged it back to our house and put it in front of the driveway.  I also picked up four bags of apples from Zump's house where Chris-tee is now living.  The evening was glorious and cool and slightly cloudy but the sunset to the west and the stillness in the air and environment was lovely.  We love this time of year ! 
Tuesday 05
In the afternoon I moved more dirt over to the driveway garlic bed and pretty much completed that bed.  It will be topped off once the fennel gets cut down.  The Tuesday market was nice.  We had a long talk with Oatmar about Huberman Lab, Burning Man traffic lines et al.  The weather was perfect today and life is very good.
Wednesday 06
Walk in the late afternoon on Kiger Island.  We walked on to the property next to the lady who has the big grass field and the cows sometimes.  Just as we were exiting their property their truck pulled into their driveway and they sent their dog out after us :)  We do not need to go back into their gate again.  We got the drift of the mess on their property but it gave us a perspective of how that land is set up on Kiger.  Earlier in the day we had our nushell meeting and JT told us he is working on another new programming language.  I had a nice talk with Bob at sunset.  Sandy is trying to talk Bob into putting a second bathroom in his house and I gave him my opinion on that topic.
Thursday 07
In the afternoon Jan came over and we hung out in the back yard.  I moved the dirt over to the west garden bed.  I pretty much now have both front yard garlic beds filled with new dirt, which is good news.
Friday 08
Hb and I had a great day in Albany.  We started out the day at the Linn Benton Cc and did the whole trail.  We had never walked around the whole perimeter trail but got a hit on that today.  The weather all day was splendid, can I say perfect, muy bien as good as it gets for this time of year.  We went to Costco and ran around and ate a bunch of food, we each got nice light down winter jackets and Hb bought some nice underwear.  We also got a chicken, and gluten free bread.  The on to Winco for some other items and then we went to Fred Meyer to get Hb's watch back cover put in place.  We went to Fred Meyer last weekend but the two girls who worked there were not able to figure out how to do it.  Andre, the big football player jewelery guy was excited to see us and got the job done :)  After this we went downtown for a nice long walk from our normal spot on Oak and then the trail along the river.  A big day was had by all.   We came home and ate our Costco chicken, I watered outside and then we went for a walk to the end of the block.  Life is good.  I also sent Luke off a very important letter today.  See the letter by checking out this day in your historical email folder.  The letter was mailed at 5:17am PDT.
Saturday 09
Sharon arrived early in the morning.  We had a really nice meeting at the Farmer's Market with Sharon, Dev, Anna, and Hb.  We sat at the picnic benches in the shade and spoke for quite awhile.  For probably almost an hour.  Then we went on to say hi to Bina and Sharon got to meet Jack as well...  Came home and had a quick lunch and then we took Hb over to the park for her journey group and Sharon and I walked over to the river and sat down for awhile and watched the boaters float on by.  We swung around the park and sat on the steps next to where Hb meets near the big tree.  We had a nice dinner with Sharon and a good time was had by all.  It was great to see her and so happy she came to visit us again.
Sunday 10
Super fantastic day !  We started out with a walk around the osu campus.  We first took Sharon over to the new Forestry building then towards the MU and back to lunch at Arnold Hall.  Afterwards we went to hear the Tin Can Alley Band at the museum.  They were incredible !  We loved the venue outside in the museum courtyard.  Mike and Kathy were there tambien.  Afterwards we talked to our buddy Jim Kline for awhile.  He is our friend from the gallery openings.  He took some pictures of Sharon, Hb and I.  Then we came home and I watered the side yard and then we had a really nice dinner.  Afterwards Sharon gave us a slide show of her big late summer adventure to Utah.  It was a grand show and we always love seeing Sharon's slide shows :)  
Monday 11
Sharon left early in the morning around 6:30am.  We had a great trip.  She learned today that her friends who she was going to visit tomorrow got Covid. So she is heading home from Willows in the morning.  We went for a walk today from VC and walked north on 11th from Beca and had some nice asian pear apples.  We also picked up some nice books on 14th at the little library just north of Beca.
Tuesday 12
Tuesday market was great as I met Chet and we had a nice talk with George and Dan Crall.  Dan is doing well and it was great to talk to him today.  I did not know this but George is the one who started KORC fm 105.9 with the organization veterans for peace.  Earlier in the day Hb and I drove over to the park and went down to the river on the beach.  We then went to Lesley's house and watered her dying cherry tree and picked up two bags of apples from the ground.
Wednesday 13
Walk in the afternoon around the park.  I watered at Russell's probably for the last time :) And it was a quick water.  In the morning around 10am Phoenix came over to hang out.  Its been a long time since he stopped by for a chat.  Naj is back home with her sister who is dying of cancer.
Thursday 14
I was up at 6:08am and Hb got up just after 7am.  We left the house at 8:40am which is pretty darn good.  We headed out Decker Rd and then drove through Alsea to Waldport.  Our first stop was the church on the right with an incredible view of the slough.  We sat there for about one hour in the sun.  It is a very magical spot and the weather today was unbelievably gorgeous for the coast.  We are talking sunny and not a cloud in the sky all day long there.  After that we found a really good bakery in Waldport that we had never been to before.  They are only open Thursday thru Sunday and there was a long line out the door.  The place is incredible !  We got some good stuff and then went over to Ray's grocery and sat down for a nice lunch in their dining area.  We got a piece of chicken, potato salad, and cole slaw plus our goodies from the bakery.  Nice lunch.  Afterward we headed on over to Governor Patterson Memorial State Recreation site and walked along the beach all the way to Beachside State Recreation Site.  Governor Patterson is at MP 68 and Beachside is at 70.  But according to our iphone we walked 8 miles today :)  So a great trip was had by all.  We got home just before 6pm and came back on Hwy 34 tambien.  We cut over at Ervin Rd which is a neat short cut.  We had an incredible day !  We love the beach and it is like going to heaven for us.
Friday 15
I had a call with Dad and Iris today and unfortunately the talk could have gone better but we discussed our favorite topic today which is never fun for me.  I moved a bunch of dirt around this evening into the backyard garden bed, and moved the big clumps of dirt over to the side yard.  The weather this evening was splendid as the day was hot and the evenings are classic late summer gorgeous in Or.   We have one week left of summer.
Saturday 16
Farmer's market, we had a long talk with Eric and his Mom Gerry.
Sunday 17
We went to the museum today for a Japanese Koto performance which turned out to be very good.  The performance starts at 2pm and goes for one hour.  This is our 2nd week going to the shows.  Looks like we will be spending more time at the museum as Terri said they have lectures there as well...  Afterwards we went over to OSU for a salad which we brought home and ate with our meal.  It was our first time bringing the salad home but it worked out really well.  Late in the day we went for a walk around the park.  There was no one there and the temps were perfect !
Monday 18
First stop was at the LBCC and we did the walk around the campus.  This time we walked through the campus on the way back.  We stopped off at the campus store and then proceeded through the building.  From there we went to Costco.  Ran around and ate our lunch and bought Hb a 2nd round of underwear along with a big bottle of organic syrup.  We hit winco, bought gas and then did our usual walk from Oak St downtown.  The weather was perfect and we had a great day in Albany.
Tuesday 19
Jan told me today about her Parkinson's while I was at their house getting ready to pick prunes.  We talked for awhile about it.  After picking the prunes I went over to Russell's and cleaned out the north garden section of my lemon cucumbers.  It was a disaster year of gardening at Russell's but I might get some winter squash.  It was full of weeds.  I came home and we put the prunes I picked earlier in the day in the dryer for the first time this year.  I pulled it out of the shed and got it up and running.  The Tuesday market was nice.  We met Andy who was from NY and we sat with Will so it was a perfect group of folks.
Wednesday 20
Big day on the farm.  I re-organized all of the garlic in the garage and got it ready for winter storage as well as separated for planting in a few weeks.  That was a big job.  I harvested my big moma squash on marion.  Its one of the banana squashes that hit a home run.  It was ready to be harvested.  We took my car for a ride out Lleweleyn and back around Airport Rd and then went for a walk and had a long talk with our neighbor Dan and Luna.
Thursday 21
In the late afternoon we went over to Herbert Open Space.  It was our first time over there since a long time ago, not even sure when.  Earlier in the day I moved more dirt from the pile to the slab garden in the back yard and a bunch of piles over to the side yard closer to the street and away from the yellow jackets.  By next week they will be gone and I can (if I want) move some more dirt north.
Friday 22
Today I knocked down the rest of the dirt pile and moved over the winter squash so I could move the remainder of the dirt over to the two front yard garlic beds.  I also cut down all of the fennel in the driveway garlic bed so the garlic beds are good to go.  Then I moved to the backyard and sorted all of the apples to go through all of the bad ones, sort them according to quality and get ready for the rains that will be coming soon :)  In the evening we went for a walk and stopped by Jorge's for awhile and then we saw Mark in front of Randy and Bob's house so we talked to them for awhile.  These are so called the last day's of summer and we are basking in the last moments of it :)  
Saturday 23
Fall festival was grand.  We hung out with Mark who bought an $80 dragon made on a 3d printer and we hung out with Jack as he was drinking a beer and we were listening to music as it started to sprinkle.  A good time was had by all.  We had lunch at the church just like last year.  Its a good life.  Today is the first day of autumn and its only appropriate that it rained.  We watched The Saint of Second Chances.  John Zeuli's brother Fran is the executive producer.
Sunday 24
Went to the museum at 2pm for a nice Celtic concert.  It was a rainy day but luckily on our walk from the car to the museum it was just sprinkling.  Afterwards we went over to OSU to get our salad and brought it home.  The students are back and it was crowded.  What a difference once week makes :)  
Monday 25
In the afternoon we went for a new walk over at Winco and missed the stairs on the way out but realized they were hidden when we got to the steps on the way back.  In the evening our first walk in months over to WL through the open space forest and trees.  It was nice to be back to one of our favorite old stomping grounds :)  
Tuesday 26
It was kind of rainy today but by the time we were ready to go over to the Tuesday market the weather steadily improved.  Earlier Jason was the bearer of good news with the fact that he probably found a housemate for his house.  We will let the situation develop.  The Tuesday market was rock and roll and we had a nice talk with Michael and Will and then a long talk with our new friend Andy. 
Wednesday 27
Got a load of dirt compost today from Jim at Tackbox which consisted of 4 yards of aged horse, 2 yards of fertile soil, 1 yard of four in one, 1 yard of mint for a total of 8 yards.  The aged horse is $20, fertile soil is $39, four in one is $37, and mint is $29.  Jim came by around 4pm.  The dirt is very good.  It is a great mix of dirt.  Earlier in the day I picked up apples at Kristee's house.  She informed me she had a fire last evening in her gas fireplace and I saw the remnants of the torn our wall.  Afterwards I went home and cut down all of the fennel and sun chokes in the dirt pile as well as harvested all of the winter squash from the pile as well.  So we had a big day and we went for a walk in the evening.
Thursday 28
Another big day.  At the end of the day I saw Patrick and we had a good talk.  He just drove by and I happen to be outside talking to my Dad.  He was here for a medical appt and was heading back down to Monroe and out to Christmas Valley this evening.  I believe he drove all last night to get here in the morning for his appt.  He also picked some plums from Jan and Boyd's house.  Earlier in the day I cleaned the roof of the bathroom from the mold and Kathy Miller came by to get her hair cut from Michele and then Hb gave me a hair cut as well.  While Kathy was here and before my hair cut I went over to Russell's and harvested some winter squash.  The figs on our tree are in full bloom and we are getting some nice figs.  The key was the rain we got a few days back.  It was a good soaker along with the warm weather pushed the figs over the brink to bear some fruit.  I had a nice talk with Dad in the evening.  He is doing well.  Its great to hear him be in a good space.  He is having lunch with Neal from the warehouse manana and with Robert on Saturday.
Friday 29
Hung out with Michael V.  He gave us some amaranth and sunflowers (seeds) to take home.  Then Phoenix's house where Tim showed up and we spent some time with him.  We had not seen him in months.  He looked great and his hair was long :)  Then we ran into Ashley who was going to Miami with her friend.  She was spending the night at her parents house and flying out in the morning.  Then we saw Judy.  We brought her by our house and gave her a fig, a little winter squash and a head of garlic.  We showed her the garage studio and our back yard.
Saturday 30
Super, gorgeous lovely sunny perfect day on Powell Ave.  The farmer's market was lovely and afterwards we stopped at the coop and Hb bought some chocolate, cream and the normal staples.  In the late afternoon we went over to Smith Loop for a nice walk.  It was a perfect autumn day in the mid 70's and a fitting end to the month of September.  After the farmer's market we stopped by Coho and gave Debby her annual $50 with what she said is "our annual visit". 


October 2023


Sunday 01
Big day in Albany and we started out on Harvest Road just south of Tangent Rd and we walked west from Country Road where we parked towards Harvest Rd.  From there we went over to LBCC and did our walk and then on to Rigoberto's for a big blow out lunch.  After lunch we parked on Maple and 4th and headed over to Takena Park.  We had never really did a full loop around this hood.  We drove home and bought a big bucket of ice cream at Safeway and came home and ate the peanut butter cup ice cream :)  A good day was had by all.  It was perfect autumn day in the low 70's and not a cloud in the sky.  We walked more than 7 miles.
Monday 02
And today it starting raining in the early afternoon.  Good timing on the rain.  In the evening we heard David Tutmark play at the guitar society at the oddfellows hall.
Tuesday 03
In the early afternoon we busted up round one of garlic.  So we are ready to start planting tomorrow and Thursday.  Hb helped me tuck the hoses in from the side yard.  Simone finished her new big high fence today.  She has a nice nail gun that certainly comes in handy.  I asked her about her kids and she said they are totally up and running and comfortable with doing the same work that she is skilled to do as well.  The afternoon turned out to be perfect.  Jay and Anna each picked out a gord or two for their front door and sidewalk up to the door.  Its our annual walkway decorations, which is lovely.  The Tuesday market was an eleven out of ten.  Matthew from Ireland's wife and child have been here now for one week.  I introduced Matthew's wife to Renee.  I like her, she is cool and her baby is very cute tambien.  We had a long talk with Will.  Also Michael V got everyone to help him move the tarp around just a smidgen to line it up with the door way and we pulled it down a bit.  They have a nice new dome similar to Renee's up and running next to the Tuesday market.  The plastic is much more robust that what Renee has.  At the end of the evening after dark Craig showed up in our lives and we had a lively conversation with him and Will.  We love Craig and tonight was no different.  He certainly has a way with life and he also sang us a nice tune :)   
Wednesday 04
Day one of planting garlic.  I got about half of the driveway garlic bed planted.  The day ended up lovely and sunny.  I helped Moses load a wood stove on to his cart.  I helped Simone dump some yard waste into our yard waste bin.  We had a long talk with Celia about her son and his motorcycle accident along with her questions about property taxes.
Thursday 05
It was a big day outside and the weather was gorgeous !  Started out the day at Russell's finishing up the garden beds, putting the remaining stuff in the yard waste bin, and hauling the remaining squash in the wheel barrow home.  But just before all of that happened Pedro showed up on his bike and we had a long talk.  He was on the side of the road and I sat on the sidewalk.  Came home and made some lunch and then we went shopping at Winco and TJ's.  Came home and planted the remaining garlic in the driveway garlic bed and then Hb and I went for a big walk through the park.  We did our big loop walk and on the way home we ran into Don the car guy and we introduced him to AC/DC.  We then chatted with them for awhile.  Ashley had a great journey to Miami.  It was a 12 hour trip going and she stayed for 3 days.  Its great to be young and excited about life :)  We came home and had a cucumber salad.  We got a bunch of cucumbers recently.  Three from Mike and Kirsten and two from Coho on Tuesday as we swung by there before the Tuesday market.
Friday 06
Another big day on the farm.  I spoke to Dad and Iris on Zoom at 12:30.  I got the garlic set up prior and punched it down after the call.  It was a very warm day.  Steve came by with pears and I gave him, Jan and Boyd, and Bob figs today.  So the garlic planting is completed and we have a lot of garlic left.  In the evening Ildi had a very nice party.  Jaffer was there, along with Jack, Renee, Kathy, Will, Brenda and Diane Madrigal.  We walked home and it was warm outside.  In our house it was hot.  Amazing for this time of year to be so lovely.  Jaffer and I had a great talk this evening.
Saturday 07
Super gorgeous day from start to finish.  The farmer's market was lovely, warm, humble and delightful.  Hb gave Nicole a nice shirt to start out with.  Nicole was in gratitude for the shirt.  Had a nice long talk with Bina.  We will go over to her house on Monday after 3pm.  Came home from the market and ate some lunch.  Then I harvested all of the winter squash on the side yard.  Folks were arriving at Simone's party and I was working away.  I took a shower and we partied for awhile and then headed over there.  It was a great party.  Not as crazy as last year and real mellow and nice.  We came home briefly and then headed back for the farewell jaunt.  We were one of the the last ones to leave the party.  A great night was had by all.   Ted Williams planted a seed for us possibly going to Vietnam.
Sunday 09
Mike, Kathy, Pedro and Hugh came over at 11am.  Afterwards I did a full apple sweep and went through every apple.  Oh my gosh, this is too much this year with the apples but I finished it.  Then I transplanted Bina's chard that we got yesterday at the Farmer's market.  Hb and I went out for a short walk.  Today was the last hot, sunny day of the season.  Tomorrow the rains return.
Monday 09
At 3pm we went over to Bina's and had a really nice time walking around her farm.  I signed up to go over there and come in via Wayne and Joanne's place.  We love going over to Bina's place and today the weather got nice and a bit sunny when we arrived and by the time we left it was starting to clear.  Earlier we parked at the top of our favorite hill before Bina's house and did a nice short walk.
Tuesday 10
It was rainy and cloudy as we headed over to the Tuesday market and we weren't even sure we were going to go but we ended up there and had a nice talk with Betsy who was playing music today.  I bought the rice balls from the lady from Singapore and they are always yummy.  Earlier in the day I had a long talk with Peter Day and John Zeuli tambien.  I had been wanting to speak with John for awhile so I am glad we had a nice talk.
Wednesday 11
Great walk later in the day.  Autumn is lovely and the afternoon rains and showers held off and we walked over to WL open space and around the block.  On the way home we picked up some pears at Marks at the corner of Park and Crystal Lake.  We also had a few nice plums.
Thursday 12
Big day in Salem.  We left the house around 12:30 and got to the Minto Brown Park with enough time to go for a big walk and be back to our car around 3:15pm.   From there we went to the market to get some lunch and swung by KP and they took Hb right away.  So we were out of there in no time and at the farm on Ankeny Hill Rd having our dinner.  We got a piece of chicken, and a nice greek salad with coleslaw and potato salad.  Afterwards we hit Costco for gluten free bread, TP, and Hb syrup.  Then over to Winco for turkey and Hb coffee.  We got home exactly at dark.  There was just a speck of light in the sky around 7pm after stopping off at the COOP for some cream.  The walk in the park today at Minto Brown was heaven.  The sky was blue, the temps were perfect and Hb and I were very happy.  We enjoyed reminiscing about Diana Martin who I had remembered Hb speaking with on the phone here many years ago :)  
Friday 13
Johngi's bday.  Nothing happened today.  It started raining in the early afternoon  and I went out for a walk just before dark.  Hb stayed home and I got a walk in while the rains held off.  I made a nice turkey dish today.  We bought the turkey yesterday at Winco.  Had a nice talk with Dad in the evening.
Saturday 14
After dinner we went for a walk and then ran into a memorial service for Jacob Waddle at the Rotary Shelter.  We first ran into Bob who usually hangs out at Randy's house on Alexander across from Mark's house.  He invited us in to the party and then we saw Dave Will's who Ken gets avocados from each year.  The party was excellent.  We love living in Corvallis and everyone was very friendly.  Afterwards we went for a big walk around WL and then swung back towards home.  Earlier we went to the Farmer's market and said goodbye to Bina.  She is leaving for Germany on Tuesday Oct 17 and will be back on January 10.  In the afternoon I cleaned my room and did some vacuuming.
Sunday 15
Up around 3am to get turned onto for the first time Todd Perelmuter.  He has quite a story and his video knocked my socks off.  This video is up there with Samadhi and the 91 year old philosopher Ramon Bayes.  So my day started out on a very good note very early in the morning.  Coincidentally I heard from David Lawson who turned me on to something kind of similar.  In the afternoon I started moving some dirt around on the new pile of compost.  Anna stopped by and I gave her 3 more pumpkins for her front porch stoop.  She told us all about her trip to the coast in their trailer.  They had just gotten back about one hour ago.  Afterwards Hb and I went for a ride in my car and then headed over to OSU for our salad.  We came home, ate the whole thing and then went for a walk around the block.  By 7:15pm it is pitch dark now.
Monday 16
Hb and I went over to OSU to hear a talk about jelly fish in glass from a glass person in Italy in the late 1800's and how they were used as a model to better understand how marine life has changed over the past 150 years.  The older lady who gave the talk was very excited about her topic.  We stopped off at McNary on the way home and picked up a salad.  The weather today was lovely and we had a very nice walk around campus.
Tuesday 17
The Tuesday market was rock solid, gorgeous, and perfect weather and is typical fashion this time of year by the time we left it was dark and cold.  Had a nice talk with Jen's boyfriend Daniel who is from Chicago about all sorts of life stuff.  Also spoke to Matthew.  I finally got his wife's name down which is Chim-ie.  David Mayfield came over at 1:30pm and we went for a walk around the park per usual.  Its always great seeing him.  He brought over some apples and went home with a bag of figs from the tree, and some fava beans for his friend Chris.  By the time David arrived the weather was starting to get nice and as the day progressed it just kept getting nicer outside.
Wednesday 18
The afternoon was gorgeous.  After my meeting we had lunch and then took my car over to Richard and Sammi at Crossroads.  We then walked over to the Scout property and sat there for quite a while in the sun.  The weather was super duper fantastic.  On the way back we just happened to stop by Manuel's grocery store and had a very long talk with him.  It was our first time really ever speaking to him.  He is a friend of Tim Dehne and so I knew of him, and had met him in the past but we really didn't know him and he certainly barely even remembered us.  So happens we hit it off big time.  And Hb and I had a great, long talk with him.  It was a meaningful interaction.  Just as we got home Cheryl told us she would bring us over some salmon, so slightly later in the evening she brought us by some nice frozen salmon and we gave her some garlic and a pumpkin.  I had a long talk with Pedro.  He was curious about how to deal with his ad blocker and youtube et al.  Its a good life.
Thursday 19
In the afternoon Hb and I went shopping at Winco and TJ's.  Prior to our shop we walked around the Winco neighborhood.  Earlier in the day we did laundry.  The afternoon was sunny and beautiful.
Friday 20
The night was perfect.  Jaffer guided me forward with the incident last evening with Dad and the war in the middle east.  He served as a channel to help me better understand why I responded the way I did.  Jack was heading out of town in the morning going back to Tucson.  It was great spending time with him this summer.  Yesterday afternoon he returned Hb's red umbrella.  We had a long talk with Brenda this evening about Fairhope, Alabama and her time growing up there.  It is on the other side of the bay from Mobile, Alabama.  Kind of an interesting spot and might be an interesting place to go check out.   We ran into Karen Mayo this evening on our way over to the party.  She has been to Vietnam and recommended it as well.  She is the second person to tell us about Vietnam.  The first person was Ted at Simone's gathering two weeks ago.  Our next stop was Russell's fire circle.  I sat down and spoke to Randy the whole time.  Funny we saw Bob last weekend at the memorial service and this weekend we hung out with Randy.  The evening was perfect, there was no wind and the temps were warm.  It was in the very low 60's but that felt good as it was dry and no wind.  We had a great evening and all was muy bien.
Saturday 21
After breakfast we headed out to the Invale Farm.  Hb played with the horses and then we did the big loop.  Its on the top 10 list of hikes in Oregon, and today was no different.  It was temperate and not cold.  Driving out there it was misting but by the time we got to the stables it was dry.  Our hike could not have been better, the leaves were beautiful and I picked some rose hips seeds to plant.  We then headed over to Hiatt Farm for some yummy cookies, lemon bars, and key lime pie.  Hb and I were topped off.  From there we went to our only studio of the day on Decker Rd.  We saw Lynn Radosevich who was in the studio and Leslie Tejada who has lived there for 19 years.  Leslie's work looks similar to Jackson Pollock but with trees and a nice background.  We got home and then went for a quick walk around the block.  I had a nice talk with Dad this evening and I didn't even have to mention me yelling and screaming the other night about the situation in the middle east and my lack of patience for paying attention to the situation.
Sunday 22
I planted some cover crop, fava beans, and garlic in the dirt pile.  I got the top two rows planted.  Also did some weeding of the garlic beds.  We went over to Coho for the potluck.  Riva and Praveen were there.  They are in the process of moving into their new house on Marion.  They bought the house a few months back so that is cool they will be living close by.  It was a nice potluck.  We sat across from Dan and Amy.  Its a good life and we like going over to Coho.  This is about our third or fourth, 4th sunday potluck at Coho starting sometime back in the early summer when we started going again.
Monday 23
Long talk with Nick Booth in the early afternoon.  Our talks are intense but we have a major connection.  Hb and I went for a walk around the park.  The afternoon turned out lovely.  I got my first round of leaves today for the year.  One batch from the end of Bell and two batches from Kyle on Marion.
Tuesday 24
For the record I think this was the first Tuesday market we missed this year and it so happens that it is the next to the last one.  Next Tuesday is Halloween Oct 31 and that is the final one.  We even went a few weeks back when it was raining.  But tonight after working all afternoon and it was still raining we decided not to go for the first time this year.  By the time I looked outside and thought maybe I should go outside and do some work was when it just started raining.  It was 1:15pm and the forecast said rain for the rest of the day.  I was excited to go outside anyway and do a bunch of work.  It turns out it rained all afternoon and I was outside to 5pm.  I new it was getting late because Jay just got home and I was wondering what the heck.  Just before going inside my neighbor Andres on Ryan, who moved in just south of the big empty field stopped by.  I am not sure why, but I offered him to pick some figs.  The timing was perfect as they are going bad fast and splitting all over the place.  They are done and Bob got some figs on Sunday so it was great Andres got some too.  I drained and put the hoses away.  Rolled up all of Simone's fencing material and tucked it in outside.  I cleaned up the whole Marion scene harvesting the few remaining winter squash and throwing all of the stocks from the winter squash into some big piles to be covered with leaves in the coming weeks.  The garden is ready to "accept" leaves and I have a strategy.  I had the right clothes on even though it rained all afternoon.  It was not cold but pretty darn wet but not too wet.  I had a great afternoon.  I love being outside.  Its a good life.  Came in, took a shower and had a yummy dinner of turkey burger stuff I made last week.
Wednesday 25
Jason is in the hospital and there were some ramifications from that event.  For more details go here.  After our nushell meeting today we had a quick lunch and then it turns out we went for a gigantic walk starting out walking past Lincoln School then we ran into Rick who owns the cabins on the corner of Lilly and 99.  From there we crossed over the lake and then headed north to the park and did a full loop through the park and back to Goodpark and home.  We needed the walk based on the earlier happenings in the day but in the end "No te tomes nada personalmente"
Thursday 26
In the early afternoon I did leaves on Richland at the normal spot on the left.  The guy who owns the house name is Keith.  Afterwards we went downtown, walked around a bit and headed over to the library for a talk by Charles Goodrich on his first novel.  It started at 5:30pm and the house was packed.  He is an absolutely incredible reader and his story was enticing tambien.  Afterwards we went to Winco and the coop to do some shopping.
Friday 27
Huge, gigantic day !  I was out the door at about 8am picking up leaves on Marion at the normal spot.  Yesterday I left them for this morning hoping I would get up to grab them which I did and put them on the blueberry bushes on the side yard.  Wendy was up tambien doing some Halloween decorations and John drove by to say hi.  I like him, he is a good guy !  Afterwards Hb was still sleeping so I headed out to buy some gas for the lawn mower.  I stopped off first to buy gas for my car and then headed over to buy gas for the lawn mower.  I got 0.20 of a gallon which turns out to be a bit more than I probably needed but I will have some extra gas at the end of the year when I do my post Christmas, close to New Years day cut.  I came home and chilled out for a bit, had a nice bowl of millet and apples and then had a call with Dad and Iris on Zoom.  We have been getting into regular calls now about once a month which has been nice.  After that I headed right back outside to do the tall gutters.  I never like getting up there but today was pretty mellow as the weather was sunny and I felt excited to do it.  After that I did a major grass cutting including a really good job on the Marion garden bed scene.  I think we are hopefully pretty good till spring but only the shadow really knows :)  After that I headed over to Christie's on Belle to probably do the last round of apples.  It has been one heck of an apple year from Zump's house and I stacked all of the bad apples at the root of the tree which looks kind of clean and nice.  Turns out I never had to get any apples at Leslie's this year except for maybe a bag or two earlier in the season.  Came home and Hb and I went out for a nice walk over to the water company trees.  They were in full red bloom just post height.  On the way over there we had a nice chat with Kathy Miller and Brenda.  We also had a nice talk with Brenda last weekend at Renee's party.  From there we did our walk and on the way back we had a nice talk with Joe, Kathy's neighbor.  He lived in Denver for a short time as well as the Mississippi coast.  It is supposed to freeze tonight for the first time and the clear sunny days this time of year is usually a recipe for this type of weather pattern.
Saturday 28
Kyle dogbone jones annual friendship anniversary party.  We met Kyle one year ago on Halloween at Erica's party the night she got pregnant with her baby Flora she had 3 months ago.  We got to his party around 8pm and left after midnight.  Luke was there and we met Kyle's friend Nathan and Luke from Alaska and we talked about cloning human brains.  Nathan also discussed how we could live in a desert of life where not much lives around us.  Very fascinating as well as the computer simulation talk.  Earlier in the day we did an amazing hike along the Crestmont Trail system just past Kate's house on the Philomath studio tour.  The day was incredibly sunny and dry and chilly.  We spoke for along time at Lumos with Nina and her friend Pat who is very cool and does not own a car and drives a bike all around town.  Alaska came up a lot.  Pat's brother lives in Barrow and Nina spent time there as well and Luke who we met at the party tonight lives in Anchorage and we have been watching lots of Outdoor Boy's videos by Luke tambien.  An incredible day was had by all.   We also met Loretta who is Delbert's ex wife and Nick's mom.  Loretta is now with Kurt who was also at the party.  Its a small town.  Loretta was very cool and so was Kyle's friend Nathan who used to work at Nearly Norml.  Nathan is a general contractor and was doing some work for Dogbone.
Sunday 29
In the early afternoon I planted my fava beans in the backyard south garden.  I planted 2016 and 2019 beans and we will see what happens.  Afterwards I went through all of the apples since I did my final haul a few days back.  Many apples were tossed in the field behind the log which is the apples final resting spot.  The evening at Renee's was nice.  Leon led the ceremony with Jaffer as a fire tender.  The moon was once again full and the veils were thin.  Leon told a story about the road from Los Alamos and the spirit walker he encountered one late evening on coming down the "hill".  NM is an interesting place and Leon reconfirmed that.  We walked home from the fire and it was a cold night.  It will probably be our last fire at Renee's until the spring.
Monday 30
Hb and I went over to Office Max to do some printing jobs which I have been working on for the past 6 months.  We will need to make some very minor changes but Hb and I had a long discussion about it and we figured it out and came to a great resolve on the issue at hand.  We also stopped by TJ's for some yogurt and Seth did our checkout.  He is a good neighbor and it was fun having him be our checkout guy.  We got home, had some food and then did our big walk around the park.  We stopped off at Coho on the way home and got some persimmons from Bruce.  A few more days of light at the end of the day as DST ends this upcoming weekend.
Tuesday 31
In the afternoon I did a batch of leaves at Russell's.  We did our big walk around the park and then our first stop was Jorge's and Katherines house.  We spoke to them for awhile and then went over to Coho for some cider and cookies and candy.  The Tuesday market was busy when we arrived but by the time we left we were the last ones there.  We had a long talk with Craig until the end.  Earlier I took Daniel on the haunted path at Coho.  It was a gorgeous evening, we had on the correct clothes and it wasn't too cold out.  In fact there was no wind and it was still.  The final Tuesday market of the year came and went and Cheryl had everyone circle up to say our thank yous and be in gratitude of the market.  It was the 9th Tuesday market.  In other words,  the Tuesday market basically started the second full year we were in Corvallis which was 2015 according to Cheryl.  So the first year 2014 there was no Tuesday market.  I went ahead and just checked my records and Cheryl is indeed correct.  I looked at my notes from 2014 and nothing was happening.  I looked at my notes from 2015 and there was a market that I was attending.  So its official the first year of the Tuesday market was 2015 and so the 9th year of the Tuesday market just officially came to an end.  Cheryl actually pointed us out this evening as the official greeters at the market.


November 2023


Wednesday 01
Got up early and got leaves at Russell's and then picked up leaves at Kyles house at the Marion garden.  Steve came by and borrowed the lawn mower as his died.  The morning was lovely and not real cold.  In the afternoon it rained hard and by the time we went over to OSU for the Thomas Condon lecture the rains had basically ceased.  The talk was great about how Carbon 14 dating could be used to help locate where elephants are being killed in Africa Ivory, INTERPOL, intrigue: Using chemistry to solve forensic mysteries By Thure Cerling, University of Utah.  Steve Taylor was at the lecture tambien and the reception prior at 5pm was a good one.
Thursday 02
Interesting day kicked off with a long conversation with Jim Sigman on the current situation in the Middle East.  It was the first time I was able to discuss this topic with someone and keep everything in perspective yet be honest at the same time.  In the afternoon we went back to Office Max to print out some more stuff related to our recent signing notary project.  Afterwards we headed over to OSU for a Day of the Dead celebration at the CMLC.  It was mellow there and we had some hot chocolate and some minor food.  Then we walked across campus and met Menachem Angster who was kind of enough to let me put on his tefillin.  He also gave Michele and I a gluten free yummy chocolate chip cookie.  We had a very interesting engagement with him and it was only appropriate that the day unfolded on that note based on everything going on in our lives including the conversation I had with Jim this morning :)  The universe will continue to guide us.  Our walk back to the car from that experience was surreal yet lovely on this early November autumn day heading into the sunset time period of the day.  Life is a magical journey with no clear path forward.  My talk with Dad in the evening related to this adventure today was also quite enjoyable sharing my story with him.
Friday 03
Mellow day at home.  Late in the day we went for a walk around the WL open space.
Saturday 04
Farmer's market was rainy at times so we hung out under the Murphy's restaurant and watched folks go by.  Hb got a burrito today.  In the afternoon I planted another round of garlic in the dirt mound.  The Lasell's art opening was nice.  Jim, Will, Tina and Linda all hung out together.  It was a nice evening.
Sunday 05
Day 1 of no DST.  It was dark by 5:20pm.  I finished planting the dirt pile with fava beans, garlic, garlic seeds, crimson clover, alfalfa, winter rye, and field peas.  So the dirt pile is done and ready to grow :)  Afterwards we went for a giant walk around WL starting out with the water company autumn red leaves and then keeping going.  It never rained on us, but when we got home the rains started for the night.  Today we got lucky on the weather front. 
Monday 06
So my entries this time of year can get pretty boring as all we really do most days is stay inside all day and then we go out for our walk in the afternoon and I come home and take out the compost :)  Which is actually kind of all good.  This morning Hb and I paid our annual property tax bills for NM and I spoke to Angelica about the notary concept so we will see how that moves forward.
Tuesday 07
At 10am I walked Hb over to Kathy Miller's house for a massage.  I came home and trimmed the bush on the west wall of the house that I usually have to cut back every year because it starts to approach the roof.  Afterwards Hb and I went for a walk.  We came home, had lunch and then I went back out and Ben who lives on Marion next to Moses helped me with leaves in front of his house and we hauled them to the side yard.  He did a few trips with me.  Hb and I went to the Oddfellws meeting.  We had pizza at American Dream pizza and then the Grand master gave her speech at our meeting.  At dinner I sat across from Rob who is Kathy Lorenson's husband.  He owns a brewery in Eugene with 28 other people.  Quite an interesting story.
Wednesday 08
I was up super early around 3am for awhile.  I got up at 7am and we left the house at 9am.  Today was a good day.  We saw Hb's doctor at 11am and it was a quick appt.  Hb got a blood draw per usual and the next thing we knew we were in Cosco eating chocolate truffles and white icing pretzels :)  It was a foggy morning driving up to Salem but there were no issues.  We like going to Costco and I bought some long underwear and Hb bought a nice sweater.  We got some gluten free bread tambien and a nice piece of salmon.  Next stop was Winco where both Hb and I bought some nice new winter gloves which I needed.  My old gloves were shot and these gloves are lightweight and will get us through this winter.  We bought gas at Town Pump in Albany for $3.69 which is the lowest price I believe we have seen since at least the beginning of the summer so that is good news.  The gas prices at the corner of Hwy 34 and I5 is the same as Towne Pump in Albany which is really good news to know that Towne Pump in Albany is clearly the place to buy gas in our area.  Worth going to Albany for gas and gluten free bread.  On the way home we stopped off at the Peoria market and loaded up on winter squash.  They had a super selection.  The time to go there is about a few days after the store closes.  They closed last Friday and so we showed up less than a week later.  We also got a nice cabbage, some kale, an onion, some sweet potatoes and lots of winter squash.  We love going to that market this time of year.  It has become a ritual over the past couple of years.  Yet another reason why we like living here in Oregon.  Its a good life.  We came home. Did one loop around the block.  Had a nice dinner with some of the gluten free bread we bought with Craig's honey.  After dinner we did another lap and then Hb got ready for her Zoom meeting with Will and Leslie.  And so goes it.  I started reading today "El ojo del Alma" by Eterovic so that is kind of exciting for me tambien.  I picked up this book at Kevin's free library on Thompson.
Thursday 09
It was a great day.  In the evening Dad and I discussed the gift he made to David and my support for his generosity in life along with my own.  More leaves in Russell's garden along with the north garden bed that I am currently not using.  My new friend Ben saw my rake against the fence and kindly thought I had forgotten it and hauled it up to the marion garden bed.  When I came looking for it I rang his bell and he came out in his bath robe.  I like Ben, he is a cool guy and I am glad he helped me the other day with the leaves.  I also spoke to the lady who will do our notary work hopefully sometime next week.  Jim Sigman wanted to come for a visit but I told him to wait until the spring when the weather is nicer.  Hb and I had a nice salmon dinner and I cooked all of the sweet potatoes that we got yesterday at Peoria market.  They were yummy and so was the salmon we purchased at Costco tambien.  It never really rained and Hb and I got our walk in after I did the leaves.
Friday 10
Pedro called me early in the morning and I spoke to him for quite a while.  Ken called and he wants to go for a walk today.  Jaffer and his wife Susan got hit by a car and they both were injured and in the hospital.  Around 2pm Ken and I went for a walk around the park.  We had another minor incident with a dog in the cemetery.  Ken is over the top when it comes to interactions with dogs.  In the evening we went to the Whiteside Theatre to hear a talk by Leila Philip on Beavers.  She did a great job telling us about this humble creature.
Saturday 11
Today was a good day, yesterday not so much.  We went over to Pedro's house at 1:30pm, hung out there for awhile and helped him make the bed for his Mom coming into town later in the week.  Afterwards we went to the Coop for Hb.  Came home and Hb had her salad, I did some cooking and then we went out for a walk.  Came home and I took a shower, called Dad, and then we had dinner.  Its now 8pm and the day is starting to wind down a bit.  I sent a nice email to Iris with a holiday update.
Sunday 12
According to my notes that last time we were in Brownsville was Jan 8, 2022 which seems pretty hard to believe but it said it was our first time at the Mexican restaurant.  If that is true then this was our second time at the Mexican restaurant.  The day was gorgeous and there was even some sun as we sat high in the cemetery and looked out over the valley for a long time.  We learned just before heading out there that our dear friend Mushroom passed yesterday.  Kathy Miller told me about a week ago he had been in hospice the past couple of weeks.  He was a good man; may his memory be a blessing.  We love Brownsville.  On the way home we picked up a dozen eggs for $3.  We stopped off at the Peoria market for some more winter squash and sweet potatoes.  I think we are pretty topped off with winter squash, and this will be our 2nd time there this season.  We got some more sweet potatoes which we finished up on our last round right away.  At the Mexican restaurant we went a little hog wild with 2 baskets of chips, fries, and the standard chicken fajitas which was more than plenty of food.  We love the cemetery at Brownsville, I told Hb as we were sitting there that I would rather be in no other place on planet earth at that moment than where we were which is pretty amazing to me but its true.  We were happy, in heaven and totally at peace with ourselves.  Quite a way to spend the day a few days before my birthday.  In fact today was my birthday celebration so to speak.  I just got to celebrate my birthday early !
Monday 13
Bruce Norman pinged me today about an issue with Joomla and a website he is working on.  So we talked about 1:30pm and had a great short talk for about one half hour.  We went for a walk around the park and we ran into Prem who just got back from Zihuatanejo, Mexico.  He was there for 3 weeks.  We also hung out with his two grand daughters Pearl who is 10 and in 5th grade and Juniper who is 8 in 3rd grade.  Weather today was lovely.
Tuesday 14
Early in the morning I got leaves in front of Ken's house.  He was funny to see me and I got a rake from him and cleaned up the leaves as I put them in my bucket.  I got a good load.  They all got dumped at the end of Powell next to the leaves Jay and Sarah and Anna left over the weekend so I am pretty much leafed out.  Just before 1pm we went over to the Realty office for our meeting with Cassidy.  She got our job done and we were out of there by 2:30pm just in time for Kathy to be back at work by 3pm.  Mike and Kathy helped us out and we helped them out.  Afterwards we went to OfficeMax and I made all of the copies.  We then stopped by TJ's and got the brussell sprouts for the first time this year.  We love this time of year and our brussell sprouts from TJ's.  We had a nice big walk when we got home and walked for awhile.  By the time we got back at 5:20pm it was very close to dark.  I had a nice talk with Dad in the evening.
Wednesday 15
At 3pm we left the house and stopped off at Harbor Freight to buy a volt meter for my car battery.  Then over to OSU to hear a talk by Deep Sea Dawn Wright about her mission to the deepest part of the ocean.  It was a fantastic talk and the house was packed.  Prior to the talk we had a nice talk with a marine explorer from Newport as well as some undergrad students in the field.  We had a good day.
Thursday 16
It was a big day all around...  Step one was to do laundry including my sheets and make my bed.  Then I went over to Les Schwab after shopping around for a bit to find a battery.  I arrived at Schwab and they took me immediately.  Someone had just pulled out of the bay and the guy took my car right in.  I ate 3 buckets of popcorn and walked around the parking lot :)  Came home, had some lunch, and then went right over to Russell's and did a major leaf haul.  I am officially done with leaves because on the way home I finished off the leaves at the end of Marion.  Kyle and Kira had put out there leaves and I swooped them ALL up over the past number of weeks.  This year was a good haul of apples and leaves so a good autumn was had by all.  Came home and went right back out to OSU for the International Student meal.  It was great !  We sat next to a PhD student from Iran who was studying Kryogenics of organs.  He said there were only about 70 students from Iran.  The girl sitting next to us spoke Spanish and her parents were from Guatamala and Mexico.  She lived in Springfield and was a pre-med in her third year and she was very nice.  At the end of the evening we spoke to an African american woman who was a Sr. in electrical engineering and was headed off to the Peace Corps next year.  An incredible night was had by all.  Luke's wife Briana was there both last night and tonight so she was busy tambien.
Friday 17
In the afternoon we went down to Dodge Island Road.  It is 20 miles from this point back home and equidistant 5 miles both to Harrisburg or Junction City.  It was a beautiful sunny late morning and early afternoon but when we started heading south just at about the turn off on to Old River Rd it got foggy.  By the end of our walk it cleared and was nice.  I had never really seen the weather change so dramatically when driving from Corvallis to Monroe but today we witnessed it.  Earlier in the day we made winter squash for the dinner tomorrow evening with Peter's Mom Nancy.
Saturday 18
It takes a lot of time to cook for these big parties at Pedro's and today was no different :)  His mom is in town and today is our day to hang out with his mom.  I got the cooking going right off the bat.  I made apples, apples, and some cabbage along with lentils I cooked this morning, rice, and winter squash Hb and I did yesterday.   I wasn't done cooking and sitting down taking a break until 3pm where I am sitting right now logging this entry.  In the middle of the day I went outside and cleaned up Simone's garden bed along with stacking her tomato cages, finishing up removing the fencing as well as pulling the remainder of the garlic stocks --- so that garden is pretty much tucked in along with the leaves et al.  I saw Kyle outside again and he told me yesterday he is engaged to be married to Kira.  They have been together seven years and my comment to him was that you all know each other :)  More update later when we return from Pedro's...  It was a great evening with Nancy Day.  We had lamb chops, salad and flan for dessert.  Mike and Kathy did not come because Mike got a tooth pulled a few days back.  It was very nice to spend some real quality time with Nancy Day.  At the end of the evening we watched the Beavers lose to Washiington in a thriller of a close game.  It was a rainy evening but it was todo bien !
Sunday 19
The day started out sunny and slow and it rained some at midday but by the time we decided to head out around 2pm or so it got nice.  We went for a big walk from Winco; and for the first time we crossed Circle on Garyanna over to 14th where we usually walk around the Garfield Park.  Its kind of cool we are making that connection between the two hoods.  Prior to all of this we used to walk west of Winco and just south of Walnut, but now we are venturing out more to the south of Circle back towards Garfield St.  We hit TJ's where we saw Seth after Winco.  We like Seth; he lives in our hood and his son's name is Will who is four and his wife is Sarah.  So they are Seth and Sarah.  Seth told us that today is the most crowded day at TJ's for the year and with the number of people in there today is kind of makes sense.  Winco was crowded tambien.  So we are probably good for food shopping for Thanksgiving.   We came home and went for another walk around the block.  The light was perfect, the western sky was clear and there was not much humidity or fog in the air but it was more crisp the way I like it.  Earlier in the day I had a long talk with Rand.  It had been many months since I last spoke with him so we were due for a call.  The call went well and I did not get sucked into any major political conversation which was good news. 
Monday 20
I got outside in the afternoon around 2pm and raked up all of the leaves in the backyard and tucked them in next to the wasps nest which seems to be dormant.  I put a big box on top of the nest location so in a few more weeks I will see what is up.  For now the leaves surround the nest spot.  Afterwards I got another round of leaves at Kyles house.  There were not very much, so it was pretty quick.  Hb and I went for a nice walk around the WL block.  Its cold out there now !  But so far winter is not slowing me down much :)  
Tuesday 21
Started out the day talking to Scott Williams.  It was a doozy and put my tail in the clouds with possible talk about purchasing his parents home in Las Cruces.  Stay tuned on this one; but its one of those days were my mind goes off into la la land and dreaming of the possibilities of the future.  In the mean time in the evening I had a wonderful talk with Susie.  She sent me an email this summer in response to my email to her for her birthday that I never responded to; so when I saw her email show up in my inbox this evening I knew that we had to talk immediately.  She emailed me and within several minutes I called her back.  Hb was on the phone talking to Nancy who we have been trying to reach for quite a while.  During the day we went to Albany and did a really nice walk for the first time around the hoods surrounding LBCC and we discovered all sorts of cool parks and trails on that part of town that we never knew about.  Albany is a cool town and getting to know it better and the whole area in general is very nice.  We had our favorite lunch at our favorite Mexican restaurant in the world and we felt good and satiated as we always do upon exiting a Mexican restaurant.  Our last journey was about a week and a few days ago back in Brownsville where we inhaled two buckets of chips along with a big plate of french fries with our fajita meal :)  Any way, my birthday was marvelous this year and to top it off Johng called me yesterday and today I got a voicemail from him with my birthday song on it.  Its a good life !  Especially when your birthday rocks :) 
Wednesday 22
Took my car for another spin and we ended up at the park and Hb and I went for a long walk past the Rotary shelter and ended up coming home in the dark.  Today was a mellow day with not much going on.
Thursday 23
Thanksgiving started out fine with some work and then I cooked the winter squash dish along with the apples and garlic dish.  Dinner at 2pm could not have been better.  Pedro, Ken, Hb and I sat with Hb's fitness instructor whose name is evading me at the moment.  Linda Edwards did a great job on the turkey and Richard Hervey was serving wine from Russell's vineyard.  The weather was fine and sunny and cold.  It could not have been a better day.  Stony served sunchokes and Reva and Praveen were there tambien.  They are finally in their new house :) The walk before dark was lovely with the light in the western sky shining on the final golden leaves in the WL open space.  All is todo bien on this day of gratitude.  I even got a message from Brent Gardner to top it off wishing me a happy Thanksgiving along with a birthday greeting from Maria of Lionel and Maria.
Friday 24
We did laundry today and Hb did her sheets.  It was full blast sun all day.  One of those early winter days where its totally clear and cold at night and sunny all day, and yes the winds come from the North or NNE.  Today was the day to cut back all of the sunchokes for the season.  Its a tradition and it could not have been a more beautiful early afternoon in which to do it.  I also cut back the remaining fennel plants as well.  Our walk around WL was glorious and we caught the river on the way home from the WL overlook walk.
Saturday 25
It was full blast sun today again :)  In the early afternoon I went outside and did the leaves in the tall gutter first and then in the west gutter in the back yard.  That is where all of the leaves mainly collect.  So we are good to go for now on that front.  Hb and I did another big walk around WL.  The head coach of OSU Jonathan Smith is leaving the Beavers to go to Michigan State.  Jason broke us the news as we were getting back from our walk.  He was down in Cottage Grove for his cousin who plays high school football down there.  We saw Linda of Mushroom and Linda for the first time since Mushroom passed.  He stopped eating for eleven days and died on November 11.
Sunday 26
Another sunny, cold day.  No creas todo lo que piensas, do not believe everything that you think.  We went over to Bald Hill early in the day maybe even around noon or so.  We sat in the car for awhile as it was very cold.  But we got out there and warmed up our engines and by the end of our journey we were much more comfortable.  We stopped by OSU and picked up a salad and then the coop for Hb's cream.   Came home, ate our salad and went back out for a walk and here we are ahora a 5pm and its dark now.  Dec 01 is Friday meaning we have a few more weeks until the darkest day of the year which occurs on Dec 10 here.  That is when the light in the evening is at its minimum.  For example sunset today is at 4:37pm and by Dec 6 its 4:33pm which is the nadir.  From that point on it starts getting lighter which is actually kind of incredible.  By December 16 its actually starting to get lighter again.  So at this time we are in the darkest days of the year in the evening; which says a lot about where we are at in the cycle and you just got to get through it.  We could take some lessons from our friend Jonna Jinton.
Monday 27
Today was a big day on the get sh-t done front.  We did what we have needed to do since November 14 when we visited our best friend Cassidy along with Mike and Kathy.  So the job is now officially done.  Its kind of amazing how it all came together today but when we need to get something done and we are ready the job gets completed.  Afterwards we went to Winco and bought a turkey.  They were on sale for a buck a pound so we found the smallest turkey in the freezer thanks to the butcher helping us at just under 13 pounds.   By the time we left Winco it was almost dark.  This time of year as noted yesterday is the darkest time of day in the evening and so we got home just at dark and had a tiny amount of light to bring in all of the groceries including the turkey.
Tuesday 28
Went over to Peter's around lunch time and helped him with bringing some wood into his house along with picking up his glass.  I stayed at Pedro's for awhile and we had a nice chat.  He had the fire going which was kind of nice tambien.  Hb and I had some lunch and then we went downtown to mail Luke some stuff at the PO and then we went over to Peak Sports to get Hb some tennis shoes.
Wednesday 29
We spent the whole morning preparing and cooking our Thanksgiving / Christmas turkey and had a lovely meal.  We went out for a huge walk and at the very end of the journey on Park just before Thompson as Hb crossed the street she clipped the curb and that was it.  The lady where Hb was sitting in front of her house called 911 and the ambulance driver took us to the house so I could get her ID etc.  Luckily KP approved us to stay at Good Sam.  Its a very long story of the whole evening but the details do not need to be repeated or documented.  I slept in the ER until about 3am and then they moved us up to Hb's room which is very nice.  She has the CEO corner office suite.  She got lucky with a nice room.  The only bummer is the AC was blasting all night and was very cold in the room but I happened to sleep some which was a blessing.
Thursday 30
I got picked up by the bus at 6:50am and I transferred right away at the DTC.  I came home, took a shower and took a big sleep.  Got up and dealt with getting Hb insurance at Good Sam along with getting Pedro and Bob to be a witness on the Advance Directive.  Hb signed all of the documents and we spoke to the person who registered us for Good Sam insurance and both jobs were done as I took the document down to the admit office, they scanned the document and that was done.  I went back up to Hb's room and sat there until just before 4pm.  We had some nice time together for about one hour in the afternoon and the sun was peaking through as well which made it really sweet in a bitter sweet type of way.  I was relieved to have accomplished what I set out to do today and got all of that stuff behind us.  Hb was actually standing and putting weight on both her feet which kind of blew me away to see her standing after how she was responding last evening.  I drove home and saw Bob coming home as well and thanked him again for signing the document today.  I took another shower and dealt with all of the turkey from last evening.  I put all of the bones in a pot and made the turkey soup Hb taught me how to do.


December 2023


Friday 01
Today was more mellow than yesterday.  I did laundry in the morning and spoke to some health care stuff for Hb.  I got to GS (Good Sam) before 2pm and hung out with Hb for awhile.  She had therapy come in so I went out for a walk and came back about 20 minutes later.  We called Luke.  I called him earlier in the day and told him what was up.  He was very happy to hear from his Mom.  I left Hb's just before 4pm; as this time of year it gets as dark as dark can be.  I am thinking of switching Health Care providers away from KP so I don't have to drive to Salem if I get sick.
Saturday 02
The weather is not good, but its not raining much.  Its just really cloudy and grey and it reflects my mood and what I am dealing with in my life at the moment.  Today I learned that Michele needs to be "moved" to a rehab facility pretty soon so the lady who deals with that stuff called me to discuss it.  Early in the morning I spoke to Luke to go over more stuff in our lives and then I called him back and told him that Hb had called me early in the morning saying that she could walk with her walker.  This is a big step forward as the past two days we were not clear what would shake down but we are very grateful for this development.  I was with Hb at the hospital for my normal time between 1:30pm and 4pm.  I think they are moving her to another room on the third floor.  She had such a nice room its a minor bummer.  Plus I took some of her stuff over there so we will see how that moves over as well.  Just called and everything moved over to her new room :)  I had a nice talk with Iris this morning as well.  It was the first time this year we spoke on the phone without Dad on a Zoom call.  Our previous conversation was July 9, 2022 just prior to her big surgery and the time before that was June 22, 2021.
Sunday 03
When I was at the hospital yesterday I was feeling like I was getting kind of sick and it became very obvious to me that was indeed the case as the night wore on.  By the time I woke up this morning I was sick with a bad cold.  In the middle of the day I kind of felt like I had a fever.  I spoke to Hb several times today and she is not really doing that well.  I am concerned about her so much so that I broke down today and called Kathy Link around 4:30pm today and spoke to her for about one hour.  It rained all day as well so I never even left the house.  I did make some winter squash so that was probably my highlight of the day.  I obviously did not go to the hospital to see Hb as I don't want her to get my cold or anyone else for that matter.
Monday 04
What a difference one day makes.  Last evening and all through the night I was bummed out and when I found out today Michele was coming home from the hospital the light started to shine.  First off in the morning I checked to make sure Hb's Good Sam Medicare Insurance was in line and then I waited on the phone for an hour to speak with Regence Blue Cross Blue Shield and then I just started working on the application on line.  I got it done, sent it off and received back a text message that my application was received.  So we got the ball rolling on that front.  Now I should have health insurance here in Corvallis instead of having to drive to Salem in the future.  That is one thing that came out of all of this stuff with Michele in the hospital.  I went to Bimart to get a shower mat, to Natural Grocers for some greens and then on to Winco for tortillas, coffee and other stuff.  I got to the hospital at around 2pm and Michele was not ready to go.  So I went for a walk and showed back up around 3pm and she was ready to go.  On the way home we stopped off at Walmart to get a prescription filled.  They are very nice there and the prescriptions are very reasonable in price.  Hb did a good job when she got home and hopefully she will be up and running on her own in no time :)  While we were at Walmart waiting for the pharmacy we put a call into Jason.
Tuesday 05
Today was our best day since Michele's accident.  It was also her first day home from the hospital.  Anna came over around noon and hung out for awhile.  She brought an apple crisp which was yummy.  She hung out for awhile and we had a nice talk with her.  Then Hb and I had a nice breakfast of cereal.  We didn't eat breakfast till about 1:30pm after she left.  Afterwards I went outside and worked until dark.  That made the day fantastic.  I finished up the leaves in front of Kyle's house.  Raked all of the leaves in the side yard hazelnut tree.  They were on the edge of desperately needing raked as they started to create a dirt scene in front of the back gate.  I caught it just in time, so to say.  So the leaves are all raked.  Kathy Miller came over and hung out with Michele for quite awhile while I did several laps around the block.  Then I came inside and we spoke to Kathy for awhile tambien.  It was cloudy and rainy today but being outside because it was so warm :)  around 60 degrees made it very, very pleasant.  It was my first time going for a short walk since our fateful walk last Wednesday evening.
Wednesday 06
We had our core team meeting and then I did a two lap hit up to the end of Ryan and back.  The fact that I can get out for a walk is kind of big news for me this early on in the process.  As I was walking up Ryan Phoenix drove by and dropped us off some nice chile he had just made.
Thursday 07
Hb's PT person came today for the first time.  He is excellent.  He is from the Philipinnes and lived in ABQ in 2010.  So we had a nice connection.  He stayed for about 90 minutes.  As he left the sun was shining and it reminded us of NM.  Earlier just before he arrived Naj brought over a yummy gluten free pie made of dates.  It looked like chocolate but was even better.  Afterwards Jan was walking by with a plant she had made for Hb as well.  I told her when we get over our colds she can come over and visit with us for awhile.  I did some compost late in the day and went for the walk around the bigger block.  So this is day two of going for a walk.  We did the Hanukah blessings this evening and sang the dreidel song.  Its the first night of Hanukah.
Friday 08
It was sunny all day and that made us happy.  Hb and I spent alot of time together today talking about life and our lives and where we are at.  It was a good day in that respect.  In the afternoon I completely went through all of the apples on the east side of the house in the bins and cleaned out the bad apples and sorted through them.  We had a nice dinner and Francesca's tamales are always a welcome addition :)  
Saturday 09
Today was a good day even though it wasn't sunny like yesterday.  I went out for my longest walk today since Hb's accident.  I walked up Crystal Lake and stopped by and saw Jorge and Katherine and Mark was there tambien helping them get their Christmas tree up and running in the mini container Mark had brought over.  I then swung around past the lake and back down Bethel home.  I did one more loop around Ryan to Thompson and saw Anna Banana and Jay going for a walk.  Anna did not look too happy.  So a nice mellow winter day was had by all.  These are the darkest days of the year but my spirits are remarkably bright.
Sunday 10
It rained all morning but by the afternoon the rains died down and Hb and I had a nice lunch of tuna fish and I made baked potatoes and winter squash in the morning so we had a bit of that as well.  Dev called and came over for the afternoon to hang out with Hb and I went out for a walk.  As I was walking up Crystal Lake just as I kind of turned the corner and started heading up I ran into Charles Goodrich.  I asked him if it would be OK if I walked with him and it turned out we did the whole loop around the park.  He had a reading at the library about one month ago which I attended for his first novel.  He is an amazing poet, novelist and member of the south town community.  He moved to Southtown in 1984 and bought one acre of land on Crystal Lake.  He built his own house.  He paid 18k for the one acre and had 14k in the bank for his house which he built himself.  In 1986 he met his wife and she helped him continue to build his house.  I heard him do a poetry reading about one year ago at the Rotary Shelter in the park.  We did the big loop around the park.  He told me the story of how the sport fields came into being along with the surrounding forestry preserve.  We had a great talk and at the end he asked me about AI and I went on about all of the stuff surrounding the topic.
Monday 11
Today turned out to be a big day.  I got up early and went to Home Depot to buy Hb a shower chair and we got a shower curtain tambien.  Then I swung by TJ's for some staples.  Zae came by for Hb's PT therapy at 12:30pm and then we had lunch.  I went out for a walk and ran into Prem.  We talked for awhile in his car at the end of Goodpark.  I sat in his car and we had a nice chat.  So it turned out to be a good day.
Tuesday 12
Today was a good day.  I was supposed to go to the dentist but I got a VM when I woke up from Sierra that Jenny was out sick today.  So they luckily rescheduled me for a time slot in January; prior to this it was going to be in April.  I went out kind of early and went to Winco to go shopping.  Came home and before 1pm Dolly Hb's occupational therapist stopped by and gave us some good tips on how to move forward.  Afterwards we had lunch and then I went over to Phoenix's house and we hung out at the Tuesday market for a bit and then we walked on over to the Botchi Ball court with Joe who was out walking his dog.  I got there, said hi to Phil and then walked back home with Oatmar who was walking by.  We had a nice talk about CS stuff and Oatmar is a great guy and I like hanging out with him.
Wednesday 13
Another interesting day on the farm.  In the morning I cooked up the ground turkey I bought the other day at TJ's and then Hb and I had a big breakfast of cereal before my core team meeting.  After the meeting I went outside and finished up a very large pile of leaves from Jason's house at the end of the street.  I completely topped off the end of Powell where Jay and Sarah had dumped a bunch of leaves a few weeks back.  So this is now officially going to be a nice garden bed this summer with some stuff that grows well in shade but there is eventually going to be a nice base of dirt moving forward.  So the leaves are done for this year and that was my last batch of leaves for the year.  Afterwards I went for a short walk to the end of Ryan and on the way back ran into Kathy Miller.  She came back to our house and hung out with us for awhile and brought Hb an egg, cookies and some very ripe persimmons.  In the evening while Hb was doing her Zoom call we got a call from Jaffer who was hit by a car on Nov 8.  He is hanging in there and recovering in a rehab center in Portland.  Wow, what a life we are leading towards the end of 2023.  I could never have predicted in one million years how my life would twist and turn on my journey.
Thursday 14
Today was a good day.  I took a nap in the early afternoon which is unusual but because I got up early this morning to walk over to Kathy Miller's house at 8:30am I guess I was both tired and relaxed.  Kathy Miller came over last evening and told us about a place we could go to get free walkers, wheel chairs et al and it turns out that Doug from the Farmer's market who is into G-d was the main guy working the deal.  Its on the right side of Allen at the storage unit place just before you get to the boyscout property.  Its a small world but now I have regained my respect for both Doug and life.  This summer I was a bit bummed out about their farm, but that was for not.  Came back from picking up a nice walker for Hb and did a walk around the block.  Cooked some beans today along with some rice.  In the afternoon I went for another walk and we had a nice dinner.  I had a good talk with Dad tambien.
Friday 15
Zoom call with Iris and Dad at 12:30pm.  Earlier I had a nice talk with Pedro and even earlier at around 8:30am Sharon did her Antarctica show for Hb and I.  We did 40 minutes of the show and will do another part II sometime probably next week.  In the afternoon I went for a walk over at Kiger Island.  The sun was blasting and I got to pet the Giles dog on the way back to the car.  I was able to feel the presence while I was out there in reference to a passage in the book bediceme ultima.
Saturday 16
In the morning I headed over to Walmart to buy Hb some low dose aspirins and then stopped by TJ's to pick up something for the potluck tomorrow along with some candy for Scott and Kathleen's Solstice party on Thursday.  Came home and went for a walk around the block and then we had tuna fish for lunch.  Mike and Kathy came over at 4pm and they brought Hb a nice get well plant and I gave Kathy a copy of the documents we did on November 14.  The light was kind of brighter when I went for a walk this early afternoon and when I walked by Homer's house he said be quiet so the g-ds don't chang the light on us.  We had a nice chat with Mike and Kathy and it was fun having them in our home.
Sunday 17
It was a good day capped off with a great party.  Just before we headed out to the party I got a call from Stewart Cohn who told me about the CBS Morning News story about his cousin who was tasked with giving away all of the money.  In the morning I made the TJ's gluten free corn bread.  The party was great.  It started out on an interesting note with me walking into someone else's home who lived a block west of the Friends Meeting House.  I thought it was the friends meeting house, walked into their home and said "is this the Friend's meeting house ?.  We missed it by one block.  Arrived at the party early and everyone was standing outside waiting for Will and kathy to show up with the key.  The party was lovely.  We sat and spoke to Adam, Will, Nina and Summer's husband John.  We got there just past 3pm and stayed onwards of 7pm.  It was Hb's first time leaving our house since the day she got home from the hospital and she did fine.  Ken was there and brought a nice potluck dish.  A good time was had by all.  Came home and went for a walk to the end of the street.  It was a cold winter evening but all was todo bien.
Monday 18
Sae, Hb's PT therapist came at 11:30am and then afterwards I went out to buy Hb a cane at Walmart and stopped by TJ's on the way home for some turkey and corn bread mix.  Arrived home and David and Lottie were just arriving tambien.  They hung out for about one hour and brought over an Elegant Elephant apple pie along with some nice fruit.
Tuesday 19
Today was a good day except I found out about fava bean weevils.  Turns out they are not that bad after all as they don't completely kill the seed which is good news.  It was sunny when I was shucking the fava beans.  I spent some time in the morning cleaning out Hb's file cabinet.  More work has to be done but I would like to finish this project sooner rather that later.
Wednesday 20
Cooked a boat load of winter squash and baked potatoes.  Big meal post Nushell meeting.  Believe it or not it has only been three weeks since Michele's accident.  It seems like a long time ago that it happened.  In the afternoon I did some compost, had a nice talk with Gwendolyn who is from Tennessee and did a walk around the block.  At 5:15pm when I got back and the light is fading quickly.
Thursday 21
The day was a build up to the big party this evening at Scott and Kathleen's annual solstice blow out.  This year Dee Roy and Jim was there, along with Jerry and Lynn and Josh the younger taller guy who is into Spanish.  We like him along with Dee and Jim and Jerry who is a mac guy too.  It was a great evening and we went home with a nice jar of spicy pickles.  I brought pecan pralines and my own rice for underneath the veal shanks.  What a fun party.  We had a good time on the solstice.  Earlier in the day I went for a walk around the Lilly Park block.  It was temperate and I walked and did my meditation.
Friday 22
Michael came by in the morning to hang out and visit with Michele and I.  Its been a long time since he came over to say hi.  I went for a quick walk around the block around 4pm.
Saturday 23
I found Michael's green stone that got lost yesterday when he was at our house.  I went for a short walk over to the park for a pitstop, saw Karen Mayo who is reading a great mystery novel and returned home.  Prior I did a ride in my car out airport road.  Anna brought over yummy cookies, Renee's housemate Anna wrote a beautiful note to Michele and I, and Steve Taylor dropped off cookies as well while I was out.  It was a cold day, but the light compensated for the winter temps.  In the evening we walked Bank of Dave.  So we are two for two in just a couple of days.  We love winter especially when we can find some good movies to watch :)  
Sunday 24
It was a quiet evening when I went for my walk at 4:30pm.  It took me all day to get out the door, but when I finally did I was ensconced in the natural beauty of the outside world and more importantly my little corner of the world at the end of the street on the edge of town.  My meditative walk fulfilled my love and joy for being alive in this quiet time of darkness.  Earlier in the day I had a long talk with Pedro.  Mike, Kathy, Hb and I are going to Coho tomorrow for a nice potluck but we couldn't twist Peter's arm to tag along. 
Monday 25
It was a nice potluck at Coho today.  We sat with Janelle and Stony, Mike and Kathy, and Diane Madrigal and Ken.  Mike and Kathy had fun and we hung out afterwards and talked to Will.  After the potluck we rode to the end of Kiger Island to give the car a ride.  I got up fairly early this morning and we cooked the corn bread for the potluck today.
Tuesday 26
Saye came by at 11:30am and Hb is well on her way to recovery.  She has graduated to using the cane with just under a month since her injury.  Saye says that means her injury wasn't "too" bad.  Got outside this afternoon and raked the pine cone bristles off both sides of the shed.  It had been needing that done for months.  Also sorted through the apples again.  We are starting to wind down the apples.  What an apple year, OMGosh :)  Got a call from Bina this morning and saw Simone on her walk this afternoon.  She got to spend some time with her ex-boyfriend eating some cookies.  She says she wishes Christmas could have lasted "longer".  Simone is cool, luckily we got a great neighbor.
Wednesday 27
After the nushell core team meeting we went to the coop and then out to Peoria Market to see what was left.  The winter squash are gone and we picked up a few pears.  There were bags of apples tambien but we already still have a bunch of apples.  Earlier in the day we washed Hb's sheets and did a load of laundry.  Upon coming home from the market I went out for a walk and ran into Linda of Mushroom notoriety and we had a nice chat.  Mushroom passed on November 11 so its been almost 6 - 7 weeks.  Linda seems to be doing well.  We had a nice talk.
Thursday 28
Yet another interesting day on the farm.  Around 6pm in the evening I got a key delivered via Amazon to my front door step.  See email on this day for additional details.  It is now up and running.  Earlier in the day around 9:30am I went to Winco and TJ's.  I had a nice talk at Winco with Joshua who works in produce who is thinking about going back to school for graphic design.  I gave him a nice pep talk etc.  I love reaching out to younger people.  I like shopping at Winco.  Came home and had our breakfast.  Then Hb and I delivered to Anna Banana her birthday present.  She is eight years old and was born in 2015.  It was Hb's idea to sing happy birthday to her and we sang Johngi's song which she really liked.  Sarah was at the door as well and at the end of our song Grandpa Melvin clapped for us.  Its a good life.  It was Hb's first day since coming home from the hospital that she was able to walk outside with her walker.  She walked to the end of Powell at Ryan and turned around and came back.  Jerry showed us a new tree he planted in his backyard after taking out the big tree at the end of this summer.  They took down their big tree the week that we were out of town when we went out to the coast in Coquille.  Then I went for a walk and saw lights on at cars parked at Mark Shermans house along with some really good live music coming out of the house.  So I went into the house and waited until their song was finished.  I saw the dog Jack sitting on the floor in front of the wood stove and he is old.  In fact when I walked into the house I didn't even notice him for quite awhile and then I saw him sitting there.  I wasn't sure whether he was still alive but wala there he was.  The song ended and I told Don who I just met about his brake lights being on.  He was grateful for me letting him know.  As I walked away from their house just as I was turning the corner and walking towards Goodnight a sense came over me about how the universe is going to take care of us and all was at peace.
Friday 29
In the afternoon we took my car for a ride over to Smith Loop and then we came home and I went for a walk in the rain over to WL.  Earlier in the day Anna and Sarah stopped by with a thank you note for the gift we gave Anna yesterday.
Saturday 30
Today we went over to Market of Choice for lunch.  It was really our first time out to an actual store where Hb went inside.  We had a nice lunch, sat upstairs and Hb hit a home run by getting us the Thai Curry soup which was yummy.  We also got a few good desserts :)  I came home and went for another walk around the block.  Earlier we stopped off at Walmart and I bought the organic 1lb bag of kale which is yummy.  This is my 2nd time buying this product.  The first time was about one or two weeks ago when I ran into it for the first time when I was at Walmart buying Hb a cane and some kleenex. 
Sunday 31
Taco Fest at Pedro's at 3pm, home before 8pm.  It was a nice New Year's eve with Pedro, Mike, and Kathy.  Happy New Year !